3 shows the f1 scores of all models trained on the multi - news dataset for the amr 2015 smatch and amr 2017 smatch datasets . our model outperforms both the baseline and the pre - trained model in terms of f1 score .
3 presents the performance of our model on the bert test set . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on both the biobert test and the mednli dev set . the results of the expanded model are shown in table 3 . we observe that the combined attention span of all the models is significantly better than the original ones . in addition , the improvements over the original model are modest but significant , with the exception of the small improvement over snli ( m ) in bert dev .
2 shows the performance ( across 100 seeds ) of elmo on the sst2 task . we show that elmo has the best performance on both a - but - b and negation sentences . it also outperforms both the distill and the no - project ones .
3 shows the accuracies of the baseline and the elmo ( which gets the opposite of the labels ) on non - neutral sentences . the elmo scores are shown in table 3 . it is clear from the results that the syntactic patterns of the neutral and the no - project sentences are very important to inform the prediction of prediction of predictions .
concept input and label labels are presented in table 1 . the results of each input are shown in bold . glove receives the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 05 f on the validation set . further , the results of mixing the input and the label labels appear to indicate that the input has a significant impact on the development of the new embeddings . the type of input that is used to describe the output should not be confused with the label used for the output . the method chosen for this task has the advantage of significantly improving the interpretability of the input .
experimental results are shown in table 1 . the results of different input methods are reported in tables 1 and 2 . in table 1 , we label the input methods with the corresponding label . glove performs better than both the original embeddings and the new ones . the results are presented in table 2 . the type of input that is used for the output is described in terms of the number of parameters and the type of label used to describe the input . the method chosen for this task has the highest f1 on both datasets . the combination of the input and the label labels results in a significant improvement in performance for both scenarios .
experimental results are shown in table 2 . we show the results of experiment 1 on topic_science and topic_wiki , respectively . the results are reported in table 1 . the results show that the proposed method improves the generalization ability of topic embeddings . it further improves the f1 by 0 . 05 points in the standard task formulation .
3 presents the results of our model on the cnn network . we show the results in table 3 . the results are shown in bold . the model performs well on both cnn and lstm datasets , with the exception of the one in table 4 . table 3 shows the results on the full cnn dataset . the models using glove ( chan et al . , 2013 ) consistently outperform the baseline on all metrics except the cnn mrr . the model using glove improves upon the cnn baseline with a 17 . 9 % improvement on the overall test set .
3 shows the wmt en - de bleu and wmt de - en scores . the wmt model achieves the best results with a 2 . 03x improvement over the baseline on both benchmarks . the results are shown in table 3 . for wmt , we use the iwslt model as the en - de test set . we use wmt en - de test set as the baseline for our wmt de - test set . as the results of this experiment are shown , the performance gap between baseline and baseline is 2 . 05x compared to the baseline . this shows that the impact of using a 4 - step model on the performance is less pronounced for wmt than for other models that use a 2 - step network .
2 shows the performance of s - lstm with the hidden size 200 in the model . the results are shown in table 2 . with the full size 200 , the model achieves a 4 . 42 % overall improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model . note that the size 200 has a significant impact on the model ' s performance , as it requires a lot of data to train .
3 shows the performance of our stacked cnn model compared to transformer ( n = 6 ) . transformer significantly outperforms transformer in all but one of the comparisons . we observe that the time taken to compute the acc ( normalized by the number of iterations ) is significantly less than transformer ' s performance .
4 presents the test set results on the movie review dataset . our model achieved the best results with 82 . 45 % accuracy on the single test set compared to the previous best stateof - the - art model .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the bilstm has the best overall performance on the three datasets . the time taken to switch between the two datasets is reported in tables 1 and 2 . video has the worse overall performance , but it has the advantage of training on a larger dataset .
results on ptb ( pos tagging ) are shown in table 6 . the top 3 models achieved the best performance on the test set with a minimum of 97 . 55 % accuracy on the validation set . they outperform all the other models except for the one that had the worst performance .
3 shows the f1 scores of 3 models trained on the same data set . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of f1 score . the results are shown in table 3 . bilstm performs better than the previous stateof - the - art models on all three datasets .
2 shows the bleu score of our system on the development set of harvardnlp & h . elder . our model improves upon the best state - of - the - art model on the dev set by 3 . 8 points .
3 shows the bleu scores on the development set of upf - forge . our model outperforms the best model on both development set and on dev set . the results correspond to the average ± sd of ten runs on development set . the results of test set are shown in table 3 . the model developed on the melbourne development set is better than the tilburg - smt model on dev .
results in table 4 show that increasing the number of layers significantly boosts bleu significantly with minimal impact on speedup . adding the additional layers significantly reduces the speedup while marginally impacting bleu . it is clear from table 4 that the increased number of nodes in the parse decoder significantly affects blei . we observe that the increase of the size of the layers significantly decreases speedup , but marginally impacts bleus .
4 shows the e2e and webnlg development set results in the format avg ± sd . we use bleu as prediction as well as rouge - l as reward as prediction once the human reference is used as a prediction . the results are shown in table 4 . table 4 shows that human evaluation results are considerably better than human evaluation , but still superior to human evaluation . regularization of the word embeddings ( e . g . , char ) gives a boost of 2 . 6 % over human evaluation ( by 0 . 7 % in e2e ) . the rouge - l improvement is modest but significant , reaching a high of 62 . 4 ± 0 . 3 . since human evaluation is only used once , the improvement is small but significant .
results in table 3 show that the overall correctness of the word classification system is substantially improved with the addition of the information . added information . the overall correctness results in a better overall correctness score than those of the content errors . however , the overall accuracy results are slightly worse than those obtained with the additional information . in general , the errors caused by the added information are less frequently classified as content errors , but overall correctness is superior to those caused by errors of the original content . the accuracy results in the same range as those obtained when the info . was added to the system are increased .
results are shown in table 1 . e2e word and semantic word are the most difficult classes to distinguish from the human . the difference between the human and the webnlg word is less pronounced for the e2e character . we observe that the number of unique words in the human vocabulary is less than those in the webnlg vocabulary . in particular , the difference between human - generated and unsupervised word embeddings is less striking for the web nlg vocabulary , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing words with sentences .
7 shows the evaluation results for 10 random test instances of a word - based model trained with synthetic training data from two different templates . the average number of correct texts ( with respect to content and language ) among the top n hypotheses is shown in table 7 . using reranker as the model achieves the best results with respect to the quality of the generated texts .
experimental results of abstractive summarization on gigaword test set with rouge metric in table 1 . the top section is our model ' s oracle performance along with our implementation of a state - of - the - art supervised method with attention , and the bottom section is the performance of our model with attention .
experimental results of extractive summarization on google data set are shown in table 2 . contextual match ( f & a ) is an unsupervised baseline used in filippova and altun ( 2013 ) and applies the compression rate of the token overlapping score to extractive summaries . it is clear from table 2 that the supervised summaries have a significant impact on the extractive performance .
3 compares the effects of different model choices on extractive r2 and extractive cr scores . our proposed model outperforms all the other models in these tasks by a significant margin .
3 shows the results of the second study on the test set . the results of this study are shown in table 3 . all the models trained on this data are in ext . mode . they consist of 2 models , each of which has a classifier trained on the data . the system performs well on both ext . and multi - task datasets .
3 shows the f1 scores obtained by jointly training the two decoders in the target language . predicted parse vs . predicted gold parse ( separate ) parsed prediction vs . gold parse ( joint ) exact match results show that the two tokens have comparable performance on the ground - truth target language when trained with the same training set . in the table 3 , we compare the performance of the gold - parse prediction and the predicted parsing set . the f1 score of the two models is shown in table 3 .
3 shows the performance of different decoder models trained on the sick - r and uniform sampling datasets . we use sst as decoder , while we use trec as a decoder . our sst model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we use in the lab . the accuracy on sst is reported in table 3 . the auto - regressive rnn is decoder and decoder has the advantage of having the semantic features of a multi - decoder model . it is proposed to use the sst - e model and the sns - 14 model as decoders . we also use it as an en - de facto decoder as our sst performs better than any other decoder model we have used before .
3 shows the performance of each decoder compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . for example , rnn has the best performance with respect to word embeddings . it also outperforms the other models in terms of sentence representation . the sick - r encoder has the worst performance with a 0 . 58 / 0 . 56 average sentence representation score .
2 shows bleu scores for training nmt models with full word and byte pair encoded vocabularies . the wmt models limit vocabulary size to 50k . they also outperform the iwslt en - fr and wmt ro - en by a margin of 3 . 5 % .
results are shown in table 1 . model lstm - word has ≈ 5m parameters and is comparable to the strong lemma baseline of char - cnn . the difference is less pronounced for ppl - cnn , but still significant for syl - concat . the syl - lstm scores are comparable to ppl , but larger than ppl . we notice that the syl - cnn scores are significantly better than the other models .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that our model outperforms both the original char - cnn and syl - concat models in all but one of the comparisons . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows that data - s significantly improves the performance of our model over the other two models .
5 compares the performance of our lstm with the original rhn . we choose to use the same embeddings as our base model . the results are shown in table 5 . the difference is less pronounced for ppl than for rstm , but larger for the original model . we also compare the ppl with a variational rhn ,
1 shows the effect of adding titles to existing premises . the esim on fever one shows that adding titles improves the performance for the model by 3 % .
2 presents the performance of esim on fever title five . transformer consistently outperforms all other models with respect to accuracy . the difference between esim and support kappa is less pronounced for transformer , but larger for transformer . the esim performance gap between transformer and transformer is less than that of transformer ,
3 shows the percentage of evidence retrieved from the development set from the first half of development set . this compares against the previous stateof - the - art method , which relies on single - evidence claims . the percentage of instances that are considered to belong to a particular set of documents is higher than the percentage that belong to another set .
4 presents the fever score of various systems using ne + film retrieval . the evaluation results are shown in table 4 . the fever scores are presented in tables 4 and 6 .
2 shows the projection accuracy for the isolated example experiment mapping from 2000 → 2001 . the accuracy is reported in table 2 .
2 shows the performance of all in - vocabulary pairs compared to the previous state of the art . in general , all pairs , including oov , are up - to - now . in particular , only in the abstractive pairs are considered , since oov is the most widely used in the training set . in the invocabulary setting , oov and oov both perform well in the task . however , in general , the performance gap between the two sets is narrower than in the standalone setting . this is due to the large number of pairs that belong to the two categories of training set ( oov and invocabulary ) . this is reflected in the split results of table 2 .
3 shows the f1 scores of the models trained on the word " td " . in general terms , the results are reported in table 3 . in particular , the performance of the lτ models is significantly better than those of the original models ( see table 3 ) . in addition , the difference between the performance on the fixed and unsupervised domains is less pronounced for the large - scale model ( table 3 ) .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the majority of the onion in the domain is all or part of the illegal onion , while the other half is all . the results are reported in tables 2 and 3 . all the fine - tuned sentences appear in the table 2 .
2 shows the percentage of wikifiable named entities in a website per domain , with standard error . it is reported in table 2 that this percentage is slightly higher than the illegal onion , which is caused by incorrect labeling .
3 shows the performance of ukb in s3 and s15 . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that ukb outperforms s3 in all but one of the cases , while s15 has the advantage of having more training data .
2 presents the f1 results for the supervised systems on the raganato et al . ( 2017a ) dataset . results reported in table 2 show that the ims zhong and ng ( 2010 ) outperform all the other supervised systems in terms of f1 score .
results are shown in table 3 . single context sentence and multi context sentence are the most common features for single context sentences . all sentences in this analysis are considered in the context of the single context sentence . the single context sentence is presented in the table as a single sentence with two context sentences and one context sentence as the sentence in the second analysis . we observe that the use of the word " w2w " sentence significantly improves the interpretability of the sentence .
2 shows the performance of our hn - sa model compared to other baselines . we observe that it significantly outperforms the logistic - based bow model and doc2vec model in all but one of the comparisons . for example , we observe that bow relies on tf - idf and logistic to derive the sentence summaries . however , this does not account for logistic or other logistic features . logistic is the most important part of our model , and it improves the overall performance of the model .
table 1 , we show the performance of our model on the test set of hotpotqa in table 1 . syntaxsqlnet achieves a state - of - the - art performance on all tests except for the one where it interacts with seq2seq . the accuracy on the validation set is exceptional , with an absolute improvement of 4 . 8 % over the previous state of the art model . with attention , our model achieves a comparable performance to typesql , with a marginal improvement of 2 . 8 % . with the help of bert , we can further compare our model with other models that perform similarly to the best performing typesql model .
2 shows the performance of our approach on test set by hardness level . syntaxsqlnet achieves the best performance with a gap of 2 . 9 % in accuracy between easy and hard compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . irnet ( bert ) improves the performance by 2 . 7 % in easy and 3 . 4 % in hard cases . it is easier to learn the easy approach than the hard one .
3 shows the performance of our approach with respect to matching accuracy on development set . syntaxsqlnet shows that the approaches are well - equipped to generate sql queries , while typesql has the advantage of matching accuracy with semql queries . in table 3 , the accuracy of our model with the attention - based approach is reported as 18 . 9 % ( up from 17 . 5 % in table 2 ) .
3 shows the accuracies on the supports and refutes cases from the symmetric test set in the setting of without ( base ) and with ( r . w ) re - weight . our model improves upon the state - of - the - art bert model by 3 . 8pp on the validation set of the fever dev set .
3 shows the performance of our system in the single - step task . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that for all but one of the models , the performance is significantly better than in the other two . in the case of the united states , we observe that there is a significant difference in performance between the two sets when training with a single model and when using multiple models .
3 shows the performance of our newsqa system compared to the squad development set . we report the eq . f1 score on a 2 - stage model and the span f1 scores on a 3 - stage system . the results are presented in table 3 . our system outperforms both the original synnet model ( mnewsqa + snet ) by a margin of 3 . 5 points .
2 shows the performance of our model on the test set of seq2seq in terms of achieved and turns . the results are shown in table 2 . the trained model outperforms the human on all metrics , with the exception of the one that is not trained on the simulator . we also compare our model with the previous state - of - the - art on the two datasets .
results in table 2 show that for some words , the effect of prefixing on performance is less pronounced than for other words . for verbs , we see a drop of 0 . 3 % in performance compared to the previous state of the art . for nouns with greater than 2 . 5 % fertility , the percentage of words with less than 2 % is lower than for verbs with more than 2 % . for verbs with higher f1 scores , the average f1 score drops to 1 . 9 % from 2 . 1 % and for those without , it drops to 0 . 7 % from 3 . 5 % . fertility is less severe for some than others , but for others it is higher than for others . we notice a drop in performance between baseline and the end of the sentence .
results in table 1 show that our approach outperforms the previous best stateof - the - art models in terms of macro - f1 score . on the other hand , it does not improve significantly over the state - of - art model of bilstm - 104 , which results in a lower precision score . this suggests that the effectiveness of our approach may depend on the quality of the training data .
4 shows the results on newsqa test set of a bidaf model finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet . we vary the number of mini - batches from one batch to two , and vary the amount of paragraph we use for question synthesis . in study a , we set k = 0 to improve the eq . f1 by 2 . 5 points and aoracle to 35 . 3 points . this compares to the performance of using a single paragraph to generate questions . we use a two - stage system to generate four paragraphs .
results in table 3 show that all - biomed models benefit from a better transfer learning schedule . health is the most important part of the health task , followed by bio , while health is only beneficial for es2en . all - bio models perform better on both health and bio datasets , with the exception of the one in khresmoi which performs worse on bio datasets . the en2es model performs better on all three datasets .
health → all - biomed → bio performs better than all - bio models except for the one that performs the best on the en2es test set . uniform ensemble ensembles perform better than the ensemble ensemble , confirming the effectiveness of the multi - factor approach in the real - world . the uniform ensemble ensemble performs better on all tests except for those that do not belong to the single - factor ensemble .
4 presents the bleu scores for english - german pair submission in table 4 . we use the best performing ensemble model , news → all - biomed , and bi ensemble for the english - language pair submission . the results are presented in tables 4 . uniform ensemble models significantly outperform the uniform ensemble models used in the german language pair submission , confirming the importance of the word embeddings in the translation task . the results of the combined ensemble model are shown in bold . regular ensemble models outperform uniform ensemble ones ,
5 compares the performance of uniform ensembles and bi with varying smoothing factor on the wmt19 test data . we use α = 0 . 5 to compare with the official test scores on the submitted runs . the results are shown in table 5 . uniform ensembling significantly outperforms de2en in the standard test set . however , small discrepancies in the performance are sometimes due to tokenization differences .
1 shows the bleu scores of dev and escape datasets compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . the dev dataset shows significantly higher bleus scores than the other two datasets .
results on the test set are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms both uniform and ensemble with a significant margin .
2 presents bleu scores on the development set of table 2 . the gaussian model outperforms the uniform model in terms of pe score . the results of re - scoring mt with a uniform pe score indicate that gaussian mt is better than the uniform mt .
results are shown in table 1 . we empirically found that the diversity diversity reward function is superior to the other two forms of reward , it is clear from the results that adding diversity diversity to the reward function helps the system to improve interpretability . however , diversity diversity is not a distinctive feature of the lexical reward function , which is why it is easier to distinguish between lexical and syntactic reward examples .
experimental results of hosg ( 2017 ) are shown in table 1 . the results of experiment 1 show that the use of nmpu as a reference for object initialization can improve the precision of the model . for the f1 - based method , we use the method described by cotterell et al . ( 2017 ) . the results show that when using nmpu in the context of a conversation , the object initialization has a generally positive effect ( i . e . , f1 < 0 . 05 ) on the f2 score . the hosgs method significantly outperforms the previous methods in terms of precision .
4 presents the evaluation results on the dataset of polysemous verb classes by korhonen et al . ( 2003 ) . our system improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 2 . 36 points in f1 score . the lda - frames model outperforms all the other methods except for the one that relies on word analogy .
shown in table 1 , the performance of our method according to the current state of the art in french - english . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . these results indicate that the quality of our system is improving with each step .
4 shows the performance of our method in french - english . the results are shown in table 4 . the average f1 is close to the required level , which indicates state of the art performance . the difference between the f1 and the iap indicates that our method has good interpretability .
table 1 shows the entity types and the number of entities in the data set . the entity types shown in table 1 show that the entity type of the given object can vary depending on the scientific context . table 1 also shows the effect of the object - based and distance - based entity types on the prediction of a potentially catastrophic event or event ( including a life - threatening one ) . table 2 summarizes the results of scientific studies on the conll2003 dataset , as well as the opinions of the scientific community . these opinions are reported in the scientific abstracts of the journal scienceie , which is a forum where consumers can discuss their experiences with medications . table 2 also summarizes the nature of scientific research on the rcv1 corpus . several scientific journals ( including scientific journals about molecular biology and chemistry ) have published abstractions about the scientific process and molecular function . these include 13 scientific abstractions ( including methods , task and material ) and 10 scientific scientific ones ( including the biomacromolecular sequence , entrez gene , biomaterials and molecular function ) . the abstractions include scientific entities , task and material ( including corpora , physical materials ) and the cell line and cell type of entity . these abstractions are presented in table 2 . they summarize the scientific findings of the jnlpba research abstractions and describe the scientific functions of each entity . they also describe the molecular function of the entity described in the abstractions . they include a comprehensive list of scientific entities and their function , along with a brief description of their function . table 1 summarizes the scientific results of all scientific studies published in the journal scienceie and scienceie literature . the scientific entities described in this section are abstractions of scientific scientific literature and scientific scientific journals . they are divided into 10 categories : scientific entity , scientific entity and task and material type . these consist of 10 scientific documents and 9 scientific scientific documents . they contain 13 abstractions , 9 scientific facts , 5 scientific facts ( including life and physical sciences ) , 5 scientific scientific facts and 3 scientific facts . these entities are described in scientific terms in scientific literature . they consist of 5 scientific entities ( including three life and one scientific entity ) . they have been described in terms of their scientific function and their location ( including their morphological function ) . they also include a brief overview of scientific informatics ( including morphological function and its derivational function ) .
4 shows the correlation coefficients between similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained models . the correlation coefficients vary between 0 . 1 ( negative correlation ) and 0 . 747 ( normalized by the number of frames ) . the results are shown in table 4 . the wvv model significantly outperforms the pretrained model in terms of correlation coefficients .
5 compares the performance of our best performance pretrained models against the publicly available ones , which are pretrained on much larger corpora . the results are shown in table 5 . our proposed method outperforms the widely available lms elmo and jnlpba on the large corpora of word2vec .
6 shows the effect of hyper - parameter setting on the performance of pretrained word vectors . the results are shown in table 6 . we observe that the use of opt improves the precision of the word vectors with the help of word2vec features .
3 shows the extent to which deixis can be caused by the presence of anaphora in context - agnostic translation . the percentage of instances where the same speaker is present in the translation is 22 % and the percentage of those without is 22 % .
1 shows the evaluation results on subsets of thyme dev ( in f - measure ) . the summets of event × event ( ee ) are of the sizes 3 . 3k and 2 . 7k respectively . the rc ( random initializations ) shows that rc is more accurate than sg fixed , but still superior to sg fixed . rc also learns to reason over argument token frequency , which shows the diminishing returns from randomization .
1 shows the performance of our model with specialized resources . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin . we observe that rc ( random initialization ) and sg ( sg fixed ) achieve the best results with a gap of 2 . 6 % in f1 . 2 .
errors on 50 fp and 50 fn ( random from test ) are shown in table 3 . the error categories are : newlines , cross - clause relations ( sg init . ) and sentence boundaries ( sg exclusion ) . the frequency of errors is not mutually exclusive , however , it is sometimes difficult to distinguish between them .
2 shows the results for all the models on the three datasets in our experiment . our model significantly improves over the baseline ling + n2v baseline by 0 . 05 points . the results for the following results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the frequency and the number of instances of hate speech are significantly lower than those of random speech .
3 shows the performance of different en models in terms of sents . most of these models outperform the baseline on all but one of the languages en – bg , en – it and en – tran are all better than the baseline . however , for some of the other languages , the performance drop is much worse than that of en – bt . for example , for english , the precision numbers of the word " categories " are much lower than those of " parts " .
4 : types of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis are shown in table 4 . the percentage of instances where the correct morphological form appears to be 66 % shows that the wrong verb has a significant impact on translation quality . in addition , the percentage of cases where the wrong morphological forms appear to be the same as the correct ones is more than 20 % .
results in table 1 show that our model achieves the best performance with a f - score of 0 . 827 on the sst - 2 dev set . the difference between the mean of predicted positive class probabilities and those without is statistically significant with p < 0 . 01 .
results in table 2 show that the unseen and unseen pairs have the greatest effect on the cosine similarity of the two datasets . in particular , for the wm18 dataset , we observed that the mirrored pairs had the least effect . the unseen pairings have the most significant effect , however , their effect is only statistically significant . unseen pairs are significantly less likely to appear in the test set as a result of the high overlap of mirrored pairs with the original ones .
6 shows bleu scores for cadec trained with p = 0 . 5 . these results are not statistically different from the baseline ( 6m ) . in fact , the concat baseline shows a significant improvement over the pretrained model .
2 shows the f & c dataset size . all the labels represent the original dataset with all the labels . subset labels represent the subset labels which are inferable by the resource . the number of examples in table 2 shows that there are approximately 12 , 012 examples in the f & c dataset . these examples are used to illustrate the clustering nature of our model . we use the orig and clean datasets as a baseline to derive the labels for each subset label . we label these instances with the maximum number of labels .
4 shows the results on the f & c and new data test datasets . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on both metrics .
5 presents the results on the relative dataset . our model achieves the best performance on the training set with a 3 - step threshold . this surpasss previous work , which surpass previous work .
results in table 7 show that our proposed method has the highest accuracy on the dimension of the objects which our proposed median fall into . this is evident from the fact that the number of objects which belong to the indian dataset is relatively small , which suggests that our method has a limited impact on the performance of the model .
present the results of the studies on the pca component with the exception of the rc19 . we observe that the presence of the word " hypernymy " in the sentence structure increases the probability of a statement being misclassified as a statement . this is evident from the fact that the frequency with which the word fragments are classified as utterances has increased since the last published results ( the rc19 ) . we conjecture that the increased frequency of word fragments with the frequency of utterances is due to the increased correlation between frequency with nouns and the number of words that are utterances . this conjecture fails to account for the large number of instances in the corpus in which the sentence fragments are contained .
results of classification using bert pre - trained models using the headline , full text and recall measures . the results of this analysis are shown in table 2 . we show that the bert model performs better than the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of precision and recall .
2 shows the performance of concat with the latest relevant context in the second stage . our model achieves the best performance in both stages . we observe that when concat is trained on the same context , the effect on lexical cohesion is less pronounced than when it is tied with the other context .
3 summarizes the results of our method with respect to precision and recall . we report the mean precision , recall , and f1 on the test set . note that the bert model significantly outperforms the baseline model in all but one of the cases , confirming the importance of the naive bayes method .
results on aida - b ( test set ) are shown in table 1 . ment - norm significantly outperforms guorobust and rel - norm in f1 scores . however , the difference between the two methods is less pronounced for guorobinust , it is clear from table 1 that the ment - norm method is more effective for both aida - b and the l2a task .
present the results of our method in table 3 . it can be seen that it improves upon the performance of the previous methods by a significant margin . this is evident from the high precision on the ace2004 test set and the relatively low wiki score .
2 presents the performance of the proposed lstm - based variants with the traditional cross - validation setup . the results of this experiment are shown in table 2 . we observe that bilstm achieves unrealistically high performance with respect to uar and ea as well as to the quality of the test set . the performance of our lstms - based models is shown in fig . 2 . these results show that the use of a dual - dialogues setup can improve the interpretability of the word " italic " .
results on ellipsis test set are shown in table 8 . the accuracy on the test set is in the range of 0 - 75 % , which shows that concat models can improve interpretability without sacrificing too many features .
3 presents the performance of the proposed lstm variants with the dialogue - wise cross - validation setup . the results are shown in table 3 . the bilstm with attention mechanism performs best in all evaluation metrics with respect to uar and eps . the results of re - implement of our model with the attention mechanism have been shown in tables 3 and 4 . it is clear that our proposed system improves the uar by a significant margin with the addition of the additional attention mechanism .
evaluation of our models for ner performance with our dataset is shown in table 1 . we report the f1 - measure results over 10 replications of the training with the same hyper parameters as in the previous work . our joint1 model shows a significant performance drop over the test set , as shown in the table .
evaluation of our models for md performance . we report accuracies over 10 replications of the training work . our model improves over the performance of previous work by 91 . 03 % over the mean accuracy of our model .
results for fasttext and glove are shown in table 1 . the state - of - the - art model utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings shows an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % compared to the performance of fasttext . adding knowledge graph information to the base models , however , the accuracy rose to 79 . 04 % . we can also see that incorporating sentiment information further improves the model ' s performance to 78 . 2 % compared with the accuracy of 75 . 9 % in the baseline model .
shown in table 9 , the effect of corrupted reference is less pronounced for ellipsis than for deixis . we show the bleu scores for 3 context sentences , and the number of frames for each context sentence . in addition , we show the inflection / vp scores for the three context sentences . as shown in fig . 9 , when using corrupted reference at training time , the impact of the corrupted reference decreases significantly .
5 shows the accuracy of the traditional classifier in phase 2 given documents from seen classes only . it can be seen that it has a significant impact on the performance of the model , as shown in table 5 . the accuracy of our model is significantly improved with the use of seen classifiers .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the enhanced model performs better on fine and fine points than on fine points . this is evident from the large difference in performance between the original models when the glove layer is applied to the fine points of the model .
2 shows the performance of our approach with respect to entity typing . our model improves upon the naive bert model by 3 . 8 points over naive augmentation . we also outperform the naive model by 10 . 6 points in f1 score .
2 presents the results of experiment 1 . we present the el & head r and head f1 scores using the best performing algorithm . our proposed approach improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 2 . 8 points in both el and head scores . we empirically find that combining word embeddings with syntactic or semantic features improves the el performance .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the augmentation method improves the results for both ma - f1 and mi - f2 . however , it does not improve the performance for both models . in particular , it reduces the effect of elmo w / o augmentation on the model ' s performance . this underscores the importance of fine - tuning the model for precision .
5 shows the average number of examples added or deleted by the filtering function per example . it shows that the rate of examples being discarded by this function is very low . we additionally consider the effect of different filtering functions on the quality of the data , as shown in table 5 . the filtering function is able to remove a large number of types from the data without penalizing the user for adding them .
1 shows the performance of the ubuntu and samsung qa datasets compared to the previous stateof - the - art systems . the messages and response are shown in table 1 . the messages are divided into groups and the response is in response to the messages . note that the size of the messages is small but the number of tokens in the messages are large . we use the word " message " to describe the messages that are sent and the type of response that is generated . message is divided into 10 groups and consists of 10 responses . it is clear from table 1 that the two approaches are similar in that their messages are in the same range as the response .
results in table 4 show that our proposed system outperforms the traditional approaches of cnn , lstm and bimpm in both the 2r and the 10r @ k test set . we observe that tf - idf improves the performance in the twor / k test sets by 0 . 012 and 0 . 864 respectively compared to the previous stateof - the - art models .
5 shows the performance of our model in the 2r @ 1 and 10r @ 2 settings . we observe that the lstm model performs better than the other models on both datasets in both settings .
results for the samsung qa dataset are shown in table 5 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in both the 2r and the 10r @ 5 test sets . we observe that the hrde - ltc model achieves the best performance with a true improvement of 0 . 9 % in the final score . the results of our model show that the hde - based selective attention mechanisms ( hrde ) are effective in improving the results of the qa to 10r .
2 compares the bleu scores of our model with the baselines . we observe that the iwaqg model performs better than both the meteor and rouge - l models .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that only qg has the best performance on bleu - 2 and the corresponding metric meteor . the difference between accuracy and precision is less pronounced for qg than for iwaqg , but it is comparable with the performance of other qg models .
4 shows the recall of the interrogative words of the qg model without our interrogative - word classifier zhao et al . ( 2018 ) . it can be seen that the iwaqg model can easily distinguish between the two sets of questions . in addition , the percentage of questions that are in the upper bound of the model is much lower than those in the lower bound .
6 shows the ablation study of our interrogative - word classifier . the results are shown in table 6 . the accuracy of our annotated word classifier is 73 . 8 % , which shows that it can significantly improve interpretability without sacrificing too many correct answers .
7 shows the precision of our interrogative - word classifier . recall and precision of the interrogative words of our classifier are shown in table 7 . when the classifier learns to distinguish between interrogative and non - instructive words , it achieves a precision of 69 . 9 % . when it learns to classify sentences with question marks as interrogative , the precision drops significantly . these results show that the precision drop significantly when trained with an interrogative word vocabulary .
statistics on forests generated with various γ and k features are shown in table 1 . we observe that the γ - based las models outperform the las model in both the upper and lower half of the development set .
results of biocreative vi cpr are shown in table 2 . we observe significant over the deptree model at p < 0 . 01 with 1000 bootstrapping tests .
results on pgr testest are shown in table 3 . we observe that the kbesteisnerps model significantly improves f1 score over the previous state of the art model .
results on semeval - 2010 task 8 testest are shown in table 4 . our model improves upon the strong kbesteisnerps baseline by 3 . 8 points in f1 score .
results are shown in table 1 . all the training instances trained on cnn are within the range of 5 . 0 to 10 . 0 . cnn has the highest number of training instances per training context , while pcnn has the smallest number of instances .
results of ablation study with pcnn are shown in table 2 . we observe that pcnn outperforms word2vec and word2vec in both ablation and test set .
1 shows the spearman correlations with wordnet similarities ( left ) and human judgments ( right ) . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in fse score .
results in table 3 show that the graph - based vs vector - based measures significantly improve the performance of the word2vec models when compared to the random baseline . for example , lch improves the performance by 0 . 5 % when comparing to the baseline score of lch ( wordnet ) and wup ( word2vec ) on the test set of wordnet . however , the improvement by 1 . 2 % is not statistically significant when comparing against the baseline scores of the original wordnet embeddings . we empirically compare the results of our graphnet with the originalwordnet algorithm on both test sets . we observe that the similarity between the graphnet and wordnet measures is less significant than the difference between the original wordnet scores .
3 shows the performance of our method in the rareword set compared to spearman ’ s ρ × 100 baseline on a 20 - million token dataset , polyglot on a 1 . 7b - token dataset , and varembed on a 2 . 51m token dataset . the difference in performance between the two is small but significant . we note that the size of the invocab pairs decreases with the number of tokens in the rareword set , but this does not impact our model performance .
3 shows the performance of our system with respect to oracle retrieval . the results are shown in table 3 . we use bleu and mtr scores as baseline for our system . we use the word " evaluation " . the system ' s performance is significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art systems . in general terms , the results are comparable with those of previous work on the similar corpus ( seq2seq ) . the performance of the system with the same set of features is markedly better than those on the previous corpus ( mtr ) .
results in table 1 show that for all models that modifies the word " kk " , the performance gap between kk and lv is less than that of kk , indicating that the model performs better when trained with the correct number of parameters . with the help of psg , we can also compare the performance of the models with the previous state of the art . we can further compare the results of both models using the same method . the results of the second study are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms both the previous and the first study in terms of ntrain and performance on both datasets .
results in table 3 show that for all models that rely on the word " kk " , the number of kk in the system is increased by 0 . 05 . the results in this table show that when using kk as a standalone entity , the ntrain and ntrain numbers are considerably less than those using lv . in addition , the difference in performance between kk and kk is less than in the other cases when using the standalone entity .
3 shows the percentage of missing embeddings in our system compared to the previous stateof - the - art model . we observe that for all but one of the five languages we tested , there is a significant drop in precision between the oov ( normalized ) and oov scores ( hochreiter et al . , 2017 ) . we observed that for hindi , the gap between missing embedding and full vocabulary is much smaller than for english , although it is larger than in other languages .
shown in table 1 , the accuracy obtained by human models in each scenario is significantly higher than that obtained by other models . in addition , the difference in accuracy between human model accuracy and linguistic model performance is less than that of other models in the scenario . linguistic model accuracy is slightly higher than human model performance but is comparable with that of a single - word sentence . finally , the precision obtained by computer models in grocery shopping is much lower than in the other scenarios , which suggests that the human model has more in common with the other models that are used to perform the task .
3 presents the results of our model on the test set of hotpotqa in the distractor and decoder task . our model outperforms all the other models with respect to precision . we observe that our decoding algorithm has the best performance on both test set and on the validation set . we also observe that the clustering quality of our decoder is significantly better than the state - of - the - art decoder . the results of applying our model to a single dataset are reported in table 3 . our model achieves the best results with a precision score of 91 . 57 % on the single dataset compared to 98 . 59 % on both the validation and comparison set .
results in table 3 show that the baselines trained on the word embeddings are more accurate than the ones trained on human . in particular , the differences in accuracy between the base and the original ones are less pronounced for the linguistic model . the error human is significantly worse than the original one . we find that the accuracy gap between the two baselines is less than the gap between human and original ones .
performance of our bert model compared to glove embeddings is shown in table 1 . the results of bert ( dynamic ) are shown in bold . we observe that the friendly model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of both the number of frames in the model and the average of the models in the task .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the d - embedding model outperforms the model word2vec in both the verb and sentence embeddings . on the other hand , the glove model performs worse in the sentence embedding , with a drop of 0 . 3 % overall compared to the baseline . the model dobj models do not embedd the word embedding models in the same manner as dobj .
4 compares the performance of our mwe model against language models on the ws task . overall performance , embedding dimension , and training time are reported in table 4 .
5 compares the performance of different training strategies with the baseline performance of a veraged spa . the results are shown in table 5 . the adversarial optimization approach outperforms the base - based approach with a significant margin .
3 shows the bleu scores on a single transformers trained to convergence on a 1m wat ja - en , batch size 4096 . the results are shown in table 3 . we trained the model with a smooth bpe score of 27 . 2 on the test set of 4096 , and a learning rate of 28 . 9 on the final set . as expected , the model has a significantly higher learning rate than the original bpe due to the size of the training set .
4 shows the results of our method on ja - en . the results shown in table 4 show that our approach improves the bleu by 28 . 4 points over the previous evaluation result . the seq2seq model outperforms transformer and transformer on the wat17 result morishita et al . ( 2017 ) by a margin of 2 . 7 points . we observe that the performance gain from using the ensemble approach is modest but significant .
5 shows the performance of our ja - en transformer ensembling compared to the plain bpe baseline shown in table 4 . the difference in performance between the two ensembles is significant ( p < 0 . 05 ) . in particular , we notice a significant improvement in the bleu score over the previous state - of - the - art model .
3 shows the english - language en - de and unk models . we show the results for english , spanish , french , russian , turkish , russian and turkish . the results are summarized in table 3 . for english , we use unk - en as the base for our model , while for turkish we use k - en . we observe that the difference between the performance of unk and basic is minimal , but we do not see significant difference in performance between these models .
3 shows the performance of the rl - based system compared to udpipe . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that udpipe significantly outperforms the other rl based systems in terms of p < 0 . 01 , f1 and roc scores . table 3 shows that the rl based system relies on udpipe as the base layer .
3 shows the performance of wiki5k in terms of word expansion . the results are presented in table 3 . wikipedia5k significantly outperforms the other models with a gap of 2 . 5 % in overall performance .
3 shows the maximum perturbation space in the standard sst and ag news test set , which is the maximum number of forward passes per sentence to evaluate in the exhaustive verification scheme . we use word / character substitutions as the metric to evaluate the performance of our system . the sst - word embeddings have a maximum of 260 , 282 spaces to evaluate , and the ag news - character has a max of 205 .
3 presents the results of the best performing methods . the best performing method is the sst - char - level , which improves the generalization ability of the algorithm . data augmentation ( ibp ) improves the accuracy by 3 . 8 % over the previous state of the art model . the accuracy obtained by applying the augmentation technique on the training data is reported in table 3 .
the non - anonymized models outperform the anonymous ones in terms of f1 score . in particular , we observe that bow - svm is more accurate in predicting f1 scores than the anonymousized models , indicating that the model is able to distinguish between the majority and the unknown ones . finally , the two models that rely on the word " coin - toss " have the advantage of masking their true identities more precisely .
1 compares the performance of various labeling strategies using many - to - one mapping for target languages with available test data . we observe that the most accurate model is the one using k - means as the number of states in the test set , and the accuracy is shown in percentage points . in addition , we observe that it is easier to label with fewer clusters than in plain english .
3 presents the results of cl study on the word embeddings . our model uses the best performing model in terms of lexical adaptation . it follows the best - performing model in both domains , with the exception of the case of burkhard - keller .
3 compares the performance of our combined cipher grounder and a supervised tagger over the noun tag , as measured by precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 scores ( hochreiter et al . , 2017 ) . our combined cipher - avg improves by 3 . 59 points over the plain - text - based cipher - sentence , and by 2 . 55 points over a supervised one .
4 shows the impact of grounded unsupervised pos tagging on malas performance . it is clear from table 4 that there is a significant impact on the performance of our model on the gold - aligned uas dataset , as shown in fig . 4 .
can be seen in table 2 , the models trained on the gold - based uas outperform all the other models except for the one that relies on the guo embeddings . it is clear from the table that the gold based uas performs better than the other two models that rely on the same neural network .
results are shown in table 1 . the performance of the models shown in the table is reported in terms of f1 . in general terms , the performance of all models is statistically significant , with the exception of the large - scale model , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing multiple labels . when combining all the labels together , our model achieves the best performance .
2 presents the results for each language . we present the results in table 2 . our proposed system follows the best performing german - language system . it follows the approach laid out in table 1 . we observe that the language used to train the system has the most consistent performance across all domains . the number of tokens trained on the system is small but consistent , with a significant drop in performance between the previous iterations .
3 shows the performance of our approach on the single dataset . our approach outperforms all the other methods on both dataset der and is , with the exception of norma , lookup achieving the best performance on both datasets . we additionally compare our approach with the best stateof - the - art on the ecb and is datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that our approach significantly improves the performance on the two datasets when combined with the strong lemma baseline . our model outperforms both the baseline and the baseline on both is datasets by a significant margin .
4 shows the absolute error of bow - svr and bigru - att for each case importance . the difference between the mean absolute error and spearman ' s ρ is statistically significant ( n / a ) with respect to the majority . we conjecture that this indicates that the presence of strong baselines in the system leads to a better understanding of the system . however , this conjecture is not proved to be true .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . the local edge model outperforms the state - of - the - art model in all but one of the comparisons . we observe that the k & g edge model is more accurate than the jamr - style decoder , and therefore more suitable for production use . as shown in fig . 1 , the local edge + fixed - tree decoder model achieves the best results with a 1 . 8x overallscalebox improvement over the previous work .
3 presents the results of the best performing models . our model outperforms all the other models except for those using predicate schemas . we observe that the use of wsd improves the predictive performance for all models except those using named entities ( pd ) . the results are shown in table 3 . the results of using unlabeled wsd as the baseline are presented in table 1 . we label the wsd instances with the highest precision . we use the weighted average of the three models for each of the four datasets . the most representative is named ent . ( wt ) which is used to classify documents without a label label . we also use it as an alternative to wikification . it helps the model to distinguish between unlabeled documents and those that are used to annotate documents . wikification is beneficial for both semantic and syntactic information extraction . however , it does not improve the performance for the model . negations are rare in these datasets , although they are sometimes used to identify missing documents .
2 shows the results of our system on the test set of noconceptrule . the results are summarized in table 2 . our system outperforms all the other systems except for the jamr - gen , which shows the diminishing returns from adding distance to the network . we observe that nomoving distance has a significant effect on the performance of the system .
3 shows the performance of the three stages of decoding . the best performances are detected in the terminal ( i . e . 1 - best ) and the highest performance in the nonterminal stage . the percentage of false positive responses is reported in table 3 .
2 shows the distribution of train , dev , and test set size . our model shows that the size of the train tends to be more important than the number of words in the test set , indicating that our model is more suitable for the task at hand . the sad part of the training set is slightly larger than the others , but our model shows a significant drop in performance .
results in table 1 show that our hrlce model outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 score by a significant margin . this indicates that our model is more sensitive to the emotions of the four models , and therefore less likely to harm the human judgement .
3 presents the intrinsic evaluation results . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 6 points in f1 score .
4 shows the performance of our model compared to the original newswire embeddings . our model outperforms all the other models using the jamr parser . the results are shown in table 4 .
1 shows the performance of our single parser compared to other models using the word - only ensemble . we use the same ensemble for all models except for those using bsa17 . our single parser : word only , pos , our aligner and our aligner are fine - tuned to word only .
results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin . we observe that our system performs better on all models with the exception of dynsp , where it obtains the best performance .
experimental results of all models are shown in table 1 . the results of the best performing models are reported in tables 1 and 2 . we observe that the location - based model significantly improves the results for all models except for those using the " supervised " model .
3 shows the f - score of our model in relation to the entity class in biocreative ii . the results are shown in table 3 . our model has significantly lower f - score than the previous best state - of - the - art model , genia 3 . 02 . however , our model has the advantage of significantly less data loss due to the multi - factor nature of the annotation mode .
1 shows the total number of words that can be used to describe a news event in ontonotes , compared to the original embeddings . for example , for " bible news " there is a total of 260 , 040 words , which is slightly more than the total amount of words in the original text . for " disambiguation " we use the word " news " . however , this comparison is only limited to the length of tweets that are used to express a statement . we also include words that are already known to the general public ( e . g . , those that are about to be published in the news , such as those from the united states ) .
2 presents the performance of the confusion matrix for test data classification . predicted sg = ( p < 0 . 01 ) and actual pl = ( cid : 0 . 005 ) are the only measures that can be predicted with a false positive label .
3 shows the extent to which tweets are notionalized across all genres . for example , in the case of bible , there are 260 tweets per label , compared to 260 in the similar case of newswire . in both cases , there is a significant drop in the number of tweets that are not classified as notional . in the other hand , the frequency of tweets in the newswire domain is relatively consistent , with a drop of 2 . 5 % in the notionalization rate .
3 shows the number of propositions per type in ampere . the number of tokens per type is reported in table 3 . the percentage of tokens that are considered as a truth is reported as 1 , 982 .
results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the comparison models except bilstm - crf - joint , which shows significantly better performance . the results are marked with ∗ ( p < 10 − 6 ) on the test set of mcnemar and schmidhuber et al . , 2018 .
3 shows the mae and fan scores for the uds - ih2 dataset . our proposed l - bilstm outperforms both the baseline and the meanime baseline on both metrics . the difference between the average fan score and the meantime average is less than that of the baseline , but it is larger than the gap between the two baseline metrics . we observe that the accuracy of our l - based lstm ( 2 ) - s model improves with each iteration .
3 presents the results of our system with gold - standard and predicted segments . the results are shown in table 3 . it can be seen that the system is significantly better than the state - of - the - art cnn model in terms of predicting the number of segments in a given dataset . we additionally compare it with other widely used systems , such as proplexicon , cnn , svm and wordlexicon . the results of these methods are presented in table 1 . predicted and un - predicted segments show that the corpus is more than 50 % accurate when divided into multi - dimensional categories .
2 shows the performance of our model with respect to the attention type . it consists of two layers : the encoder layers and the decoder hidden dim . the attention type is very similar to that of lstm , we observe that the number of decoders in our model is less than that of encoders .
2 shows the results on the wmt17 it domain english - german test set . our model outperforms all the other models except for bojar et al . ( 2017 ) by a significant margin .
3 shows the performance of our method in the best setting for each property . we show that glove embeddings give the best performance . the best performance is in the co - occurrence setting , where the number of colors in the window is the most important . adding various colors to the window decreases precision , but does not improve recall .
6 shows the mean of our l - bilstm and its relation models on uds . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 1 . 28 points in the mean to 2 . 31 points .
1 shows the effect of these lexicons on the performance of the semantic model . it is clear from table 1 that these syntactic patterns are strongly related to the human judgement . they include the sentiment and emotion lexicons used as external knowledge .
results are shown in table 5 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that pretrained on the scv1 and scv2 datasets . these models perform well on both test sets , with the exception of those that trained on the phychexp dataset . we observe that the concatenation of the learned sentences leads to better interpretability on the test sets .
shown in table 2 , we can see that our model has the best interpretability under the three scenarios . however , this does not account for the fact that the model may not have the ability to distinguish between the true and false states . this suggests that it is possible to model without the need to consider the true states of the bilarm as a baseline .
2 shows the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between the global metrics and the crowdsourced topic - word matching annotations . the results are shown in table 2 . for example , on the amazon newsgroups dataset , the coherence metric is 0 . 6960 , while on the new york times dataset , it achieves 0 . 3763 .
3 presents the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between automated metrics and crowdsourced topic - word matching annotations . we include metrics measuring both local topic quality and global topic quality . the results are shown in table 3 . for example , the local metric has the highest correlation with topic quality , with a gap of 0 . 37 % compared to the previous best state - of - the - art . for the global metric , it has the best correlation with the quality of the topic generated by the crowdsourced embeddings .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the clustering method achieves the best performance with a p @ 10 score of 2 . 69 on the auc of 0 . 5732 . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 .
1 shows the auc scores of all the feature groups for each category . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that has the most effect on auc . the results are shown in table 1 . loc and entity have the highest auc score ( p < 0 . 001 ) on the frequency and event groups , respectively , while the number of event groups is lower ( p > 0 . 05 ) . the difference between the f1 scores of the two groups is due to the high frequency of the event and the low auc of the feature group .
notable attributes of 50 instances from uds - ih2 - dev with highest absolute prediction error ( using h - bilstm ( 2 ) - multisim ) . it can be seen that annotation is incorrect , constituting a future event or state . in addition , it is possible to interpret a statement as a question or a statement without understanding the context .
5 shows the similarity between event entity pairs in pre - trained embeddings . ( kce ) shows that the presence of the closest kernel mean after training gives a 0 . 3 boost to kce score . in the united states , the increase is 0 . 7 . in germany , the kce scores are 0 . 9 .
table 2 , we compare bert with other models that use bert as a baseline . the results are shown in table 2 . bert ( large ) significantly outperforms bert in all but one of the comparisons . table 2 shows that bert significantly improves the performance on the small - scale task when combined with the large - scale model . in particular , the size of the self - bleu increases with the number of iterations of the model .
3 shows the ppl scores of the models using the additional language model ( gpt ) . for the wt103 and tbc datasets , we use bert ( large ) and gpt ( very small ) . the results are shown in table 3 . when bert is added to the standard tbc dataset , it achieves the best ppl score . however , this does not account for the large number of sentences in the standard corpus .
wikipedia ' s aida - b and wiki scores are shown in table 1 . the results of these methods are reported in tables 1 and 2 . wikipedia also outperforms all the other methods except for the one that directly targets the word " wiki " . wikipedia ' s unlabelled wikipedia entries are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) on average , with an absolute improvement of 1 . 05 % on average compared to the previous best state of the art . table 1 summarizes the results of our method on the topic of " aquaint " . the results are presented in table 2 .
2 shows the f1 scores of our model when it is weakly supervised and fully - supervised . on aida - a , our model shows the average f1 score of the five scenarios in the development set . on the two other domains , it shows the mean of five runs of the aida conll . on both datasets , it achieves the best average score .
3 : ablation study on aida conll development set . each f1 score is the mean of five runs . the results are shown in table 3 . our model shows that the attention - based model can distinguish between local and non - local contexts .
performance by ner type on aida - a is shown in table 4 . our model obtains the best performance with 96 % accuracy ( out - of - the - box ) on the conll test set .
results are shown in table 1 . all mwe based models outperform the mwe - based baseline on all discontinuous and all att - based test sets . the results of these models are reported in tables 1 and 2 . however , the results are not statistically significant even when combined with the fact that all mwe features are considered . we observe that the performance of the models that rely on mwe is significantly less pronounced than those using mwe .
shown in table 9 show that the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model can predict events in uds - ih2 - dev that are xcomp - governed by an infinitival - taking verb . it can also be seen that it can also predict events to be difficult to predict , since the verb " remember " expresses a tendency to forget to predict events . we can also see that the effect of lexfeats on prediction is to reduce the chance of incorrect predictions being made .
2 compares the performance of these systems on test data in terms of mwe - based f - score . our proposed h - based system outperforms both the baseline and the discontinuous fr system by a significant margin .
3 presents the performance of our glue tasks as pretraining tasks . the results are shown in table 3 . the cola baselines and mrpc baselines as pretraining tasks have the best performance . pretrained tasks also outperform the randomized mrpc baseline on a single task basis . mrpc and wnli baselines have the worst performance on the two tasks , but are comparable on the other two tasks . regularization of the tasks improves the performance .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the instructional task training ( itt ) and the cola elmo with intermediate task training . in general terms , the results are comparable with those of the single task models ( table 1 ) . however , the performance gap between the two models is larger than that of the other three models . for example , the han models with full task training and fine - tuning can be seen in table 1 . the wnli model with full task training and full task training can be observed in table 2 . the performance gap is narrower than in the previous state of the art models ( qqp , qqp elmo and rte elmo , but larger than the gap in the overall performance of both models .
3 shows the performance of our models compared to the previous state of the art models . our model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models in terms of cola performance . for example , our model has the best performance on all datasets with a gap of 0 . 36 cola and - 0 . 60 qqp scores .
1 shows the percentage of ne - tags in wikipedia that are considered to be of cardinality . the percentage that is considered is 18 . 86 % , which is slightly higher than the percentage considered by humans . relation cardinality has a significant effect , however , it is less significant than it is in humans .
2 shows the p - values of all wikidata entities as subjects ( # s ) and the f1 scores of each predicate ( # p ) as well as the number of predicate pairs in the table 2 . the only - nummod entity shows lower p scores than the vanilla one , indicating that the presence of such entities in the corpus is important for the development of the corpus . finally , the only - numerical entity ( p ) shows lower precision on the test set than on the vanilla baseline . it is clear from table 2 that the domain containing the " manual ground truth " refers to the entities that the corpus contains , and that their presence is important to the corpus ' s development . as table 2 shows , the entity with the highest f1 score is the spouse , whose position is in the ground truth .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . our model outperforms all the pretrained models except for those using word embeddings . we observe that our model significantly outperforms both the pre - trained models in terms of accuracy and pretrained model performance .
2 shows the las improvements by cnn and lstm in the iv and oov cases on the development set of table 2 . these improvements show that the two models are able to distinguish between the real - world and unreal - world locations . for example , for ara , the difference between the accuracy of δiv and δoov is less than 0 . 9 on the evaluation set of cnn . similarly , for burkhard - keller , the accuracy drop is much less than that on the original case of ara . in the oov case , we see that las gains are more than 5 % on average compared to the previous state of the art models .
3 shows the performance on the test dataset for russian , ukrainian , russian , russian and ukrainian when combined with the training dataset . the results are shown in table 3 . for both train and test dataset , the performance is significantly worse than in the normal case . in both cases , the difference between the performance of the two datasets is much smaller . for example , in the standard case of russian , there are no noticeable differences in performance between the training and test datasets . in the ukrainian case , there is no noticeable difference in performance . however , for the ukrai - nian case , we see significant performance drop . this suggests that there is a need to design more complicated training datasets for the future .
1 shows the bleu and coverage % scores over held - out test set . the dag transducer improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points over the gold - based neural mrs model ( tables 1 and 2 ) . the accuracy gap between gold and silver - based mrs models is small but significant , with over - fitting of the models for each test set having a large overlap . we observe that the dag model outperforms all the other models except for the gold based model .
3 shows the performance of the lstm layer with respect to the number of parameters in the hidden layer . we observe that the size of the parameter dropout significantly affects the learning rate . it is clear from table 3 that the presence of the bigram emb size does not harm the model ' s performance , however , it does harm the intrinsic evaluation . regularization is beneficial for the model to learn the intrinsic evaluations and to maintain the correct state of the art .
results are shown in table 1 . the models trained on the models using bichar et al . ( 2017 ) outperform all the other models using only plain word embeddings . with the exception of the case of auto seg , the model using onlychar lstm ′ as input has a lower f1 score than any other model using the same combination of words . we observe that for all models using the word embedding feature , there is a noticeable drop in performance between the auto and no seg models . this is mostly due to the small size of the model with which the model relies on the analogy feature .
results are shown in table 1 . we empirically show that the gold seg model outperforms the other models using only plain averaged word embeddings . note that the model trained on the gold seg performs better on the word baseline than on any other model using only char + bichar lstm . the results of the second study , published in the previous literature , are consistent across all input and output models .
6 presents the results on msra . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of p < 0 . 05 , f1 score , and f2 score .
results on resume ner are shown in table 8 . regularization improves the f1 score by 3 points to 94 . 03 on the bias metric compared to the previous state of the art lstm model .
3 shows the bleu scores for english – estonian . with the addition of the nested embeddings , the model improves character - f by 2 . 5 % and bleu by 3 . 5 % . adding the nested layers of the model further improves the bpe by 10 % . using the finetuned model further boosts bpe to 57 . 5 % , which shows the effectiveness of the syntactic features . the monolingual model outperforms the ensembled model in both languages .
3 presents the performance of our baselines . our baselines basic and supervised ( avg . ) achieve the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 05 bias compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . we observe that our model performs better than both the original pbsmt and the original dual - 0 model .
3 shows the ablation results for the gold - based semantic feature ablation model trained with gold data only . the results are shown in table 3 . the only difference in bleu is that there are no edge features in the model , i . e . no num , tense or tense features .
3 presents the performance of our baselines on the two datasets . our proposed system improves upon the strong baselines of pivot and supervised ( avg . ) with the addition of additional functions for each model .
results in table 2 show that our baselines are superior to the baselines of soft and distill due to the higher quality of the embeddings in our system . our baselines outperform all the other baselines except for those that rely on semantic inference .
results on the official iwslt17 multilingual task are shown in table 4 . our baselines basic and pivot achieve the best results . they complement the strong baselines of sota , pivot and pascal .
5 shows the performance of our proposed iwslt17 algorithm on the supervised and unsupervised datasets . the results are summarized in table 5 . for the supervised dataset , we used a weighted average of 28 . 72 seconds per iteration , which shows that the effectiveness of our algorithm is relatively high .
3 shows the overall results of our model on the europarl and en - ru datasets . our model outperforms all the base models except for those that do not use the embeddings . the results are shown in table 3 . for the eur - parl dataset , we use the en - ru dataset , which consists of 10 subtitles . we use the word " disambiguation " in the distribuities of the table , which means that the model performs better on both datasets . the final results of the model are reported in tables 3 and 4 .
3 shows bleu scores for the bilingual test sets of en - fr and en - de . our model significantly outperforms the contextual baseline in both languages . in both cases , our model significantly improves the performance of the two subtitles .
4 shows the bleu scores for en - de bilingual test set in table 4 . for the context - based test set , we use a base model that parses past turns with a current turn as the context . our model shows that the current turn contains a significant amount of context , which in turn leads to a new turn .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous work on the topic of avgsimc and maxsimc . the results are presented in table 3 . after applying our maxsimc algorithm , our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we chose .
2 shows bleu scores for each domain compared to the previous stateof - the - art experiments . table 2 shows that wikipedia significantly outperforms brown and brown on both test domains , while wikipedia significantly improves on the giga metric .
2 shows the performance of our method in multi - class classification . it achieves the best performance with a 62 . 9 % f1 - score and 63 . 5 % overall improvement over the previous state of the art .
evaluation results on paraphrase detection task are shown in table 3 . our method achieves the best performance with a f1 - score of 69 . 4 on the validation task .
2 presents the macro - f1 - score of known intents with different proportion ( 25 % , 50 % and 75 % ) of classes treated as unknown intents on snips and atis dataset . however , for all but one of these , the msp scores are significantly higher than those of the other three classes . this is mostly due to the small size of the data set and the relatively high f1 score of msp .
1 shows the al score with and without the truncated average of 0 . 25 for a wait - 3 system . al measures the time - indexed lag ali in the real - time ali and γ in the system , ali has a significant impact on the quality of the statistics , as measured by the ali - score in the table 1 . when al is t - test , the impact is minimal ( i = 0 . 05 ) on the overall al score , as shown in fig . 1 .
4 presents the bleu scores for evaluating amr and dmrs generators on an amr test set . amr significantly outperforms dmrs on gold + silver and amrs significantly improves on silver + gold .
3 shows the performance of the multinli set in relation to each other . multinli has the best overall performance with a 2 . 25 % overall improvement over the previous state of the art model . all the other models perform similarly , with the exception of those that do not have the ability to do so . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that all the models that perform the task have the best performance on the multinnli dataset . they are divided into four categories : dative alternation , dative and medium , numerical reasoning , and non - neural reasoning . all three groups perform similarly to the others .
3 shows the bleu scores for the context and the verb count . for the context , we apply the meteor and verb count measures . the results are shown in table 3 . we use the word " to - context " to describe the tasks in the context . we use both word - to - word and sentence count measures to estimate the number of instances in the memory network . the relation count measures used by our models are in table 1 . they use both the word to word count and the word count function . they both use the same type of relation recognition scheme .
results are shown in table 1 . syntactic branching gives the best performance . semantic branching gives a slight improvement over the syntactic branching baseline . however , it does not improve significantly over the semantic topconst baseline , which shows the effect of semantic branching on syntactic branch - level semantic relations . the semantic subjnum method outperforms all the other models except for the one that has the most semantic branching . it has the advantage of being able to distinguish between semantic branching and semantic branching without sacrificing too many syntactic relations .
3 shows the evaluation results . our system performs well on both domains , with the exception of the relation analysis . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both relation analysis and sentiment analysis . we observe that the combination of word embeddings and semantic tags significantly improve the predictive performance of our model . the branch - of - speech evaluations performed on the sst2 and sst5 datasets have a significant impact on the sentiment analysis performance .
results in table 2 show that p - means significantly improves the f1 score of the 20 - ng model compared to the original pca model . we observe that the performance improvement over pca is due to the higher r - 8 and f1 scores of the original models .
shown in table 1 , the performance of the pruned cnet compared to the original ones is shown in the table 1 . the slot / values evaluation performed on the dstc2 development set of different batch asr output types are shown in bold . as expected , all words with scores below 0 . 001 were removed from the evaluation set .
results are shown in table 1 . we use the weighted pooling method to obtain the best baseline scores and the average number of pooling instances for each test set . the results of this method show that when pruning the baseline , the pooling performance drops significantly , leading to significantly less pooling . table 1 shows the results of using the unbalanced pooling algorithm for the final set of test sets .
2 shows the dstc2 test set accuracy for 1 - best asr outputs of ten runs with different random seeds in the format average ’ sminimumminimumminimum and maxminimumminimum . as table 2 shows , the system performs well on both the test set and the training set . the performance of the system on transcripts is in the range of 60 . 8 % to 98 . 9 % ( normalized by the number of training instances , and 98 . 7 % to 99 . 09 % ( super - maxminimum ) . the results on transcripts are in table 2 , where the system learns to interpret the random seeds with different training instances .
2 shows the effect of sentence splitting on sentence quality . the average number of sentences divided into two is 31 , 545 , which means that there is a significant drop in sentence quality from the original state of the art to the one that we consider today .
1 shows the performance of our model in the context of word embeddings . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both usage test and development . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that our model significantly outperforms the baseline model in both instances .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on bilstm and h - bilstm . the results are shown in table 3 . all models show significant improvement in performance on the bilstm - att f1 compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . in general terms , the performance obtained by all models is better than those without . however , the difference in performance between the baseline models is less pronounced for all models . we observe that the size of the attention trees predicted to be in the foreground is less significant than those predicted by the previous model .
2 shows the bleu score of the pairs in question for each relation . the first study in question involved both the original and the pseududo - parallel data . in both cases , the similarity of the data to the original ones was not significant . in addition , the second study in the series involved the translation of the original documents to the new ones . finally , the results of the third study in this series were not significant , since the translation distance between the original data and the new data was strictly limited .
5 - way model outperforms gnn ( cnn ) and bert - pair ( bert ) on both test sets . on the 1 . 0 and 2 . 0 test sets , the five - way model performs better than the baseline model on both tests .
5 - way - 1 - shot shows the performance of the proposed bert - pair model on the test set . results are shown in table 4 . the accuracy obtained by the models is significantly higher than those by the original bert ( bert ) model , which shows the diminishing returns from training on a single shot .
results in table 1 show that our method outperforms the best previous methods in terms of accuracy . our joint model achieves the best results with an accuracy of 3 . 71 % on the standard test set .
2 presents the results of our system ' s branch - level model on the afet rec . test set . our system performs well on both the test set and the validation set , with the exception of the one in the supporting set . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that our system is more closely related to other aspects of the human experience , with an absolute improvement of 2 . 1 % over the previous state - of - the - art model .
2 shows the performance of our model compared to other models trained on the f1 - neigh network . we observe that our model is more accurate than the other models in that it is more sensitive to the environment and therefore less likely to harm the model . in particular , we observe that the is - heavy model is less sensitive to light than the others . this suggests that the effect of is - hard on the model may be less significant for the model in which it is trained .
4 shows the training time and parameters to learn . the training time to learn is reported in table 4 . the average time to train is 2h 30m . parameters are shown in bold . the average number of seconds to train for each parameter is approximately 2 . 5 hours .
shown in table 1 , full - is_yellow and full_is_red show very similar results to those of other black - aligned models . however , in the real - world , the results are slightly worse than those of the other two models . in particular , the difference between black and white indicates that the model is more likely to cook in the noisy regions of the contiguous united states . this corroborates our intuition that the presence of white - aligned objects in the food relations is important for the model to improve its interpretability .
results are shown in table 1 . snli models outperform all the other models except for those using the snli embeddings . for example , the mturk287 model outperforms the other two models in terms of performance on all metrics except for the f1 metric .
3 presents the classification results of all models except those that belong to the category of semantic textual similarity . all models except sst2 are classified into sub - categories and are therefore unable to distinguish between semantic and semantic text . however , the sst5 model outperforms all the other models in terms of classification performance . the sickr model ( which relies on syntactic similarity ) is the most distinctive among all the models . it exhibits semantic similarity across all three categories . it is presented in table 3 . the system ' s classification results are presented in the abstractions section of the classification results ( sicke ) . they are divided into categories based on semantic similarity . they include semantic similarity , semantic similarity and semantic analogy .
2 shows the performance of our system when trained with gender - neutral pronouns . the results are shown in table 2 . the system performs uniformly worse on " gotchas " than it does on male pronouns . this is reflected in the fact that the training set contains 50 % female pronouns , compared to 50 % male .
experimental results on b - 1 and b - 3 are shown in table 1 . our model improves upon the strong b - 2 baseline by 0 . 7 points in automatic evaluation . the difference between the performance of our model and the baseline is minimal but significant . our bider model outperforms both the static memory and cider models by a significant margin . table 1 shows the results of automatic evaluation using our model . we observe that our model exhibits remarkably similar features to the one described in the previous literature .
2 presents the performance of our model against the adversarial infersent baseline . the results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms both the hard and hard approaches by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 2 . the decrease from baseline baseline advcls to baseline ones is due to the increased number of words in the word2vec dataset which are used to train sentence prediction . we observe that the decrease in the average score from baseline to baseline is caused by the decrease of the number of iterations in the vocabulary . however , this decrease is not statistically significant because there is no significant change in the quality of the algorithm .
1 shows the performance of our model compared to other models trained on the word " aggregation " . our model outperforms all the other models except for those trained on " uig " and " kur " . the difference between brevity and avg is less pronounced for brevity , but it is larger for kur than for kut . we observe that the combination of brevity with high accuracy results in a better predictive performance for both datasets . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 10 . 5pp on average compared to the previous state of the art model , srilm . the results are shown in table 1 . tweets generated using our model outperform those using skip - gram , although the difference is larger .
2 compares gnbusiness with existing datasets from various news clusters . we use table 2 to compare the quality of our models with the existing ones . the results are shown in table 2 . gnbusiness significantly outperforms other news clusters in terms of event types .
3 presents the results of varying milk ’ s λ with and without mass preservation on the deen development set . it can be seen that the unpreserved λ has a significant impact on the development set , as shown in fig . 3 .
4 shows the performance of the dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 method in terms of schema matching . it achieves the best performance with a f1 score of 42 . 3 % on the test set .
5 shows the performance of our method with respect to the veraged slot coherence . the results are shown in table 5 . odee - f shows a significant drop in performance compared to odeefer , indicating that the method has a reasonable chance of achieving the best performance . however , the difference in performance between the two methods is not significant .
2 compares the meteor and human models . our method outperforms all the other models except for those using seq2seq . the results are shown in table 2 .
results in table 3 show that system / human is more likely to flag instances of false belief as fact than in training data . the percentage of n - grams in the test abstracts that appear in the training data is 15 . 6 % , which is slightly higher than in the bias metric . it is clear from the table 3 that human is more susceptible to false belief .
5 shows the performance of our model in the real - world . our model outperforms both meteor and rouge - l in all but one of the comparisons .
results in table 4 show that for all but one of the cases where a non - expert was considered , the performance of the nlp expert was significantly lower than the previous state of the art . for both cases , the difference in performance between the two domains is significant , non - nlp experts generally perform better than the other opinion - challenging members . however , the gap between the average number of iterations of a test to reach a final result is much larger . the nlp expert is the most senior member of the team , followed by the non - expert .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that for all models that switch between modes , the s + p and i scores are significantly higher than those using random modes . verbal models outperform the random models in all but one of the comparisons . for example , in the case of " random vs . verbal " we observe that the clustering performance of all models is significantly better than those of the other two groups .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that all models trained on our data are comparable in terms of s + i and f1 . these models outperform all the other models except tfn .
2 shows the biobert performance on the mednli task . our model improves upon the performance of pubmed with the addition of pmc andpubmedd as the base weights .
results are shown in table 2 . the first t - test shows that our proposed bilstm model outperforms the baseline models on all three subsets of bimpm . further , the results show that the rcn model has superior recall ability on both subsets , with the exception of the case of rcn where the accuracy is less than that of the baseline model .
shown in table 3 , the bert model achieved the best performance on the test set . accuracy on test set was 0 . 843 .
performance across all models depending on the window position . simlex999 has the best performance with a window position of 0 . 45 . we observe that both the left and right analogies have the worst performance , respectively .
3 shows the performance of our model with and without cross - sentential contexts . the results are shown in table 3 . our model consistently outperforms all the other models that it interacts with in the context of the word embeddings .
performance across all models depending on the removal of stop words . the results shown in table 4 show that removing the stop words from the simlex999 dataset significantly improves the performance for all models .
results in table 1 show that when pooling the character embeddings , the model can easily distinguish between the true and false states . for each method , the average true response time is set to 70 . 9 % , which indicates that the pooling method is more suitable for the task at hand .
3 shows the accuracies for our best model broken down by genre . our best model is published in ( williams et al . , 2017 ) and verbatim models are reported in table 3 . we use cbow and esim as our validation tools , while we use multinli as our verification tool . the accuracy is reported in tables 3 and 4 .
1 shows the performance of bert models with different metrics for different task types . our model achieves the best performance with a 3 . 7x f1 / acc score and a 2 . 9x standard distr metric . our mrpc model has the highest f1 score and is comparable with the state - of - the - art qqp model in terms of accuracy .
3 compares the bpe scores of some recent points with previous points in the literature . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art on a comparison point basis .
2 shows the bleu char and sacrebleu char scores for each language . our model outperforms both the traditional embeddings ( deen and fien ) by a significant margin . for example , deen has a higher k - score than fien and deen , but it has a bigger impact on translation .
4 shows the error counts of 100 randomly sampled examples from the deen test set . the error counts are shown in table 4 . these are the average error counts for each lexical category in the test set , and their average number of errors is 13 .
results on wmt15 deen are shown in table 6 . the size of the encoder is reported in bpe , and the number of iterations is computed in the comp . column . we observe that the bilstm performs better than the other two encoders in terms of bleu , indicating that the pooling of the information leads to a better encoder .
results in table 3 show that wiki + bilstm improves the λ scores by 3 . 8pp on the test set of bert and wiki + pu , respectively . the results are shown in table 1 . wiki + bert significantly improves the μr scores by 0 . 7pp on both test set .
3 shows the average precision ( map ) of our models on the 2018 and 2019 political speeches . the results of bert + wiki + pu models are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models except hansen et al . ( 2018 ) .
4 compares the f1 score of two different puc models with the original labels in each dataset by two different annotators . note that the average value of the tweets in the puc model is significantly higher than those in the original dataset , indicating that there is a need to label the tweets with more accurate labels .
results are shown in table 1 . the most representative models are the standford corenlp and nltk datasets , both positive and negative . we observe that both the accuracy and recall scores for each prediction are significantly higher than those for the other two datasets . sentistrength significantly outperforms the others in both precision and recall , with the exception of the one where precision is significantly lower .
3 shows the performance of 10rv models trained on the word embeddings . the results are shown in table 3 . the average number of words in the row is significantly less than those in the other clusters , indicating that the model relies on semantic features . in particular , the effect of semantic features on sentence quality is less pronounced for wordsim than for other clusters .
1 shows the performance of our rnnsearch * model compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . our model outperforms all the other models except for those using direct bias embeddings . we observe that our model performs better on mt03 and mt04 datasets than on mt05 , mt06 , mt07 , mt08 and mt09 datasets . note that the difference in performance between our model and the original one is minimal , but we observe that it does improve performance on mt07 and mt08 datasets .
2 shows the results on the wmt english - german translation task . compared to the vanilla transformer model , the results are significantly better than the two - way embeddings . note that the bleu score computed in table 2 shows that the effectiveness of the dual - headed wt model is significantly higher than the vanilla model .
3 shows the results on the iwslt task in table 3 . the results on table 3 show that the shared language pairs belong to 5 different language families and are written in 5 different alphabets . in addition , the accuracy of our shared - private en model is very high , with a bleu score of 10 . 94 .
4 shows the performance of the models using different sharing coefficients on the validation set of the nist chinese - english translation task . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 0 . 5 points in the bleu score compared to the shared - private baseline . the difference between the shared and unbalanced sharing coefficients is less pronounced in the decoder wt task , but still significant in the f1 score .
2 shows the average time for users to set up the tool and identify verbs in a 623 word news article . only one participant managed to install and use brat , taking 18 minutes on ubuntu . the differences between gate and either slate or yedda are significant at the 0 . 01 level according to a t - test .
results in table 1 show that syntreevec embeddings outperform syntree2vec in the semantic test set . the difference in semantic scores is minimal but significant in the purest case ( i . e . 0 . 01mb = 0 . 005mb ) which results in a score of 71 . 01 / 71 . 01 . in the larger test set , we computed the number of instances with the effect being less pronounced . we found that node2vec had the greatest effect on semantic scores , which indicates that the similarity between syntree and word2vec is relatively small .
1 shows the label description for asnq . it refers to the answer sentence in question . note that the number of sentences in question refers to answer sentence , not to sentence length . this indicates that the presence of multiple words in the sentence is important to understanding the question .
3 shows the mrr of the models trained on the proposed bert - l and roberta - l models . the results are presented in table 3 . the models using map and lc measures outperform the previous models in terms of both mrr and map scores .
results are shown in table 3 . the best performing models are bert - b and roberta - l , both of which use the same type of clustering feature . the difference in mrr between the two models is minimal but significant .
shown in table 1 , the noise fine - tuning method significantly reduces the effect of noise on the map metrics . however , it does not improve the results for trec - qa , which shows the diminishing returns from finetuning . with the exception of tanda ( asnq → ) , the reduction in noise is less than 10 % of the noise fine - tuned baseline .
6 shows the effect of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert . neg and pos refers to the number of pairs of question - answer pairs that are chosen to fine - tune bert for answer sentence selection . in table 6 , we observe that for example , for wikiqa map , there are 4 pairs of questions that are predicted to be answer sentences with a high correlation with human judgement . these are the pairs of terms that are considered to belong to the same category of question ( qa ) .
results in table 7 show that tanda and qnli both outperform the baseline models in terms of bert - base and mrr . as table 7 shows , both the ft - qa map and the asnqa mrr have similar mrr scores .
results in table 3 show that bert and tanda perform well on both datasets with the exception of the one in which bert is tested . the results are shown in table 4 . bert shows that the large bert models perform better on both the test set and the large test set with the additional mrr . further , bert also improves the results on the small test set by 3 . 5 % on the large baseline .
3 shows the effect of different classifiers on the bias term . we find that for each classifier , there is a difference in the average number of words in the sentence . for dif_hope , we find that the difference between having different features and having different kinds of features is less pronounced than for dif - hope . with respect to the lexical term , we observe that for both the features that have the most effect on the human judgement , the difference in average length of the sentence is much smaller than for the other features . this is evident from the fact that the word " dif " has a lot of effect on prediction ability .
can be seen in table 1 , the implementation of kiperwasser and goldberg ( 2016 ) ’ s neural parser in only a few lines using uniparse . the results show that the clustering bottleneck severely affects the performance of the algorithm , since worst - case performance depends on the sorting bottleneck . it can also be seen that the effectiveness of eisner ( generic ) is limited by the number of iterations required to encode the scores for each dataset .
3 shows the performance of treebank model in relation to the baseline . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both upp . 3 . 90 and err . red . 23 . 1 % on the baselines . we observe that for all models that do not use the word " ancora " in their final form , our model performs better than the others . this is mostly due to the smaller size of our model and the higher accuracy of our final form .
3 compares the jw and jw scores with the mean of 1 − vmeasure of the clustering in the 28 datasets . the results are shown in table 3 . the average jw score is significantly higher than the median , indicating that our clustering model is able to distinguish between different word forms .
ii shows the performance of our w2v model with pre - trained embeddings . we show the results in table ii . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of number of examples and the number of training instances .
3 compares our model with the previous stateof - the - art models on development set . the results are shown in table 3 . our model obtains the best overall performance with 86 . 7 % accuracy on the development set .
performance of our system on fever dataset is shown in table 1 . the training set has the highest number of questions and the number of total questions per claim is the smallest . our system achieves a 3 . 31 % overall improvement over the traditional test set .
performance of the training set and the test set on fever dataset is shown in table 2 . the training set significantly outperforms the development set in terms of label accuracy .
2 presents the results of phase 1 on the test set of bertwikicrem in the distractor and fullwiki setting . the results are presented in table 2 . in both scenarios , the gap between the f1 and ff1 is narrower than in phase 1 . table 2 shows the effect of train data on the model ' s f1 score . with the exception of the transductive scenario , all models without train data have significantly lower f1 scores than those without . we observe that the wnli model ( which relies on word embeddings ) significantly outperforms the sota model in both scenarios .
iii presents the results of pretrained and non - pretrained experiments . the results are presented in table iii . pretrained embeddings outperform pretrained methods on every metric , with the exception of the one in table vii which is not pretrained . the difference is less pronounced in pretrained experiments , where the quality of the data is less than pretrained ,
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models using the word embeddings . our model outperforms both manual and model in terms of accuracy . we observe that the difference between accuracy and recall is less pronounced for some models than for others . in particular , we observe that recall is more accurate for those with more than 50 words . note that the accuracy obtained by our model is less than that obtained by other models .
2 shows the performance of our method on non - wikipedia data . we observe that our approach significantly improves the interpretability of the word embeddings . it outperforms the transsupervised model by a significant margin .
3 shows the entity linking accuracy with pbel , using graphemes , phonemes or articulatory features as input . the hrl used for training and pivoting is shown in the first row . the pairs with the different scripts are marked with a “ * ” . they also include the word " k * " in the sentence structure . they include the words " * " , " * " and " * " .
shown in table 1 , the bert models outperform all the other models except for those using scenario embeddings . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
1 shows the performance of our model with respect to captions . we observe that our model performs better than other models that rely on fast text embeddings . in particular , the improvement is larger than those of dsve w / w2v . this suggests that the model relies less on syntactic or semantic cues .
2 shows the performance of our model with respect to the word embeddings . we show the results of experiment 2 on the coc in table 2 . we observe that for all models , the model performs better than the model with only 0 . 05 f1 on average . this indicates that the model is able to distinguish between the two aspects of speech .
3 shows the performance of our model with respect to muse in the multi30k dataset with different languages with different training examples . in particular , we see that the model with the most training examples outperforms the model without sacrificing too many train examples .
4 shows the image recall @ 10 on multi30k dataset with different languages with different embeddings . we use bv embeddings as our model for image recall @ 10 . the results are shown in table 4 . in our model , the model performs better than the en + fr model . in addition , the improvement is larger than in the original model .
results for a randomly - selected validator per question are shown in table 1 . non - expert human performance shows that dbidaf performs similarly to dbert in terms of em , f1 and test scores . table 1 shows the performance of the models trained on the test data .
results are shown in table 2 . precision r - 1 and precision r - 2 are the most difficult tasks to solve . we observe that the accuracy obtained by m2 - latent is comparable to those obtained by m1 - shallow , but the precision accuracy remains lower . we conjecture that using m2latent as the decoder reduces recall , but it does not improve precision .
2 shows the performance of our bi - lstm w / latent as compared to the baseline . the results show that both the baseline and the fast - forward mape models are significantly better than the baseline ( p < 0 . 05 , resp . 0 . 005 ) . we also observe that the m1 - latent and m2 - shallow models outperform the baseline in both mae and mape .
3 shows the results of our model compared to previous models . our model outperforms all the models except bertsdv on imdb , news , and snli datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . the results of the model outperform those of the previous models on both the imdb and news datasets . in particular , the results on the ag datasets are significantly better than those on the snli dataset . table 3 shows that the model performs better on both datasets .
results are shown in table 3 . the results of our model outperform the performance of the other models on three of the four datasets . we observe that the ulmfit model performs better than both yelp and bertbase on all three datasets , with the exception of the one on the ag ’ s news dataset . on the other hand , the accuracy of our bertvote model is lower than those on the other two datasets , which suggests that the model is more suitable for the task at hand .
4 shows the effects on fine - tuning the bert - large model ( bert - l ) . for imdb and ag ’ s news , we report accuracy ( % ) , but not great accuracy ( % ) . similarly , for snli , our model is 4 . 58 % better than the original mt - dnn .
2 presents the results of automatic evaluation with perplexity . our model performs well on both the high and low end of the evaluation tasks , while performing well on the low end . we observe that our model significantly outperforms other models in both high - level and low - level evaluation tasks .
3 shows the effect of automatic evaluation on entity score . our model improves upon the strong baseline seq2seq by 1 . 1 points in oov score . however , it does not improve significantly over the baseline transdg model .
4 shows the bleu scores of our models trained on the transdg network . our model outperforms all the models using automatic evaluation . we observe that seq2seq performs better than both the original seqnet model and the copynet model by a significant margin .
human evaluation results are shown in table 5 . the best performing model is seq2seq , which improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 2 . 41 points . on the other hand , it improves by 1 . 42 points .
results of transdg on the test set are shown in table 7 . entity represents the entity score , while bleu - 2 represents the number of entities . the results of transdg are presented in bold . we observe that our model performs better than the state - of - the - art model on both test set .
results are shown in table 1 . our method outperforms all the previous methods in terms of both accuracy and brevity . our results show that our method has the advantage of improving the generalization ability of the model when trained on a single dataset .
1 shows the bleu scores of the model using the greedy search method . the results of the beam search for the reference are shown in table 1 . it is clear from the results that la improves the model considerably compared to greedy search . we also observe that the same beam size of the reference is required to perform the task .
3 shows the n - gram overlap between question and answer . the average number of words per question is 2 . 6 , compared to 2 . 2 for question and 3 . 0 for answer . our model outperforms both the dfqa model and droberta .
2 shows the bleu scores of the lstm model trained on the wmt16 multimodal translation dataset with different la steps . when the target sentences are longer than 25 words , the models perform worse than the ones trained with the look - ahead module . however , this is not the case with all the targets .
3 shows the results of applying the la module to the transformer model trained on the wmt14 dataset . we find that the performance decreases when the la time step is 5 . this suggests that the eos problem is caused by the high bleu score .
4 shows the results of integrating auxiliary eos loss into the training state . we find that the increased performance boosts the performance of the model when using the greedy search . γ is the weight of the auxiliary eos loss , which helps the model to more robustly learn the task . we find the size of the eos l2l loss also helps to improve the model ' s performance .
1 shows the bleu scores for the wmt ’ 14 en - de and iwslt14 de - en models . our model significantly outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in both languages . we observe that the he2018dynconv model significantly improves upon the state of the art on translation quality . this is evident from the fact that it relies less on the hierarchical structure of the model , and more on the self - attention function .
results of the diva - hisdb dataset ( see section iii - a ) are shown in table i . our proposed method significantly outperforms state - of - the - art results by reducing the error by 80 . 7 % and achieving nearly perfect results .
ii shows the results of the experiments shown in table ii . our proposed method obtains the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at the pixel - level as input . it is superior to state - of - the - art text - line extraction methods which run on the same perfect input . moreover , the accuracy obtained by our proposed method is comparable to the state of the art in the three - step setup .
1 shows the performance of our model on the image - sentence retrieval flickr30k dataset compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . our model outperforms all the competition on both metrics with an absolute improvement of 3 . 0 % on average . we also compare our model with the original embeddings of arnet and recurlink . the results of applying our model are reported in table 1 . table 1 shows that the clustering performance of the model is significantly better than the original one . referit also improves upon the vqa performance by 3 . 4 % . the performance improvement over the original model is modest but significant with a boost of 4 . 0 % . retrieving the data from the original dataset is beneficial , improving upon the performance by 4 . 3 % .
1 shows the performance of our model on the image - sentence retrieval ( mscoco ) dataset compared to word2vec on flickr30k . the results are presented in table 2 . we empirically find that the embeddings using the referit feature significantly improve the predictive performance of the model compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . we additionally compare our model with the previous best model , word2vm , in terms of founta et al . ( 2018 ) . we observe that the clustering performance of referit is comparable to the accuracy of the original image captioning feature , although the difference is greater .
results in table 4 show that combining multi - task pretraining and text - to - clip tgn improves the vqa ban performance by 3 . 8 points . grovle improves upon the performance of fasttext with ft as the target task and improves the fqa score by 2 . 4 points .
results in table 4 show that combining multi - task pretraining and target task improves the performance for both task metrics . the image - sentence retrieval metric improves the fqa metric by 3 . 8 points . however , it does not improve the precision of the sentence - to - clip metric by 1 . 4 points .
4 : consistency of the adversarial effect ( or lack thereof ) for different models in the loop when retraining the model with bidaf in the standard framework . our model achieves the best results with a minimum of 0 . 0 f1 and 6 . 1 f1 score .
3 shows the bleu score of our method on the test set of seq2seq - f . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the clustering quality of our model significantly improves with each iteration . it is clear from table 3 that our proposed method obtains a superior performance on both test set with the distinctive - 1 and distinct - 2 scores . the difference between the f score and the diff score is minimal , however , it is significant .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the 10k test set . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art on all metrics except f1 . the results of the final set are shown in table 3 . table 3 shows that the performance on the dataset dbert is significantly better than the state of the art on the previous set . as the results of applying the best performing algorithm ( dsquad ) are shown , the performance gap between the original and the debiased set is minimal ( table 3 ) . the evaluation results of our model are presented in tables 3 and 4 . we use the multi - task learning method ( droberta ) to train the models for the task .
4 shows the bleu scores on the validation sets for the same model architecture trained on different data . the results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms both the original source and splithalf by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 6 . the best performing model is the websplit model , which learns to miss simple sentences and correct them when trained . the difference between trained and unsupported models is minimal , but significant . our model improves upon the performance of the original ag18 model by a noticeable margin .
5 shows the results on the websplit v1 . 0 test set when varying the training data while holding model architecture fixed . the best model by aharoni : 2018 is ag18 , which uses the full websplit training set , whereas we downsampled it to make it more appealing for future work .
2 shows the average number of instances for each embeddings in our model compared to the previous state of the art model . the results are shown in table 2 . as expected , there are no significant differences in the quality of the embdi walks compared with the baseline model . in particular , the difference between the number of examples in the model is less pronounced for the model with fewer embdi instances . this is reflected in the percentage of instances that are not instances of walks that the model does not walk .
3 shows the performance of the embdi and seep models compared to the baseline models . the results are summarized in table 3 . the seep model outperforms all the other models except for the one that is pre - trained . embdi improves significantly over the baseline model .
4 shows the f - measure results for unsupervised deeper . the results for glove are shown in table 4 . the difference between the performance of supervised deeper and unlabeled deeper is minimal , however it does appear to have a significant impact on the performance . we observe that the supervised deeper performs better than the unvised deeper model .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the dataset dbert . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on all metrics with a significant improvement in f1 score . the results of our model are shown in table 3 . we empirically test the model with different em and f1 scores . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . our model improves upon the state of the art bidaf model with an absolute improvement of 2 . 0 points over the baseline .
results of the automatic evaluation procedure on a random sample of 1000 sentences are shown in table 4 . our system achieves the best performance with a weighted average of 3 . 84 % on the same test set . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin .
6 shows the performance of our model on a random sample of 300 sentences from minwikisplit . grammaticality ( g ) , meaning preservation ( s ) and structural simplicity ( m ) are measured using a 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) scale .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the most frequently used hashtags are hatelingo and fountadclbsvsk18 . golbeck2017 shows that these tweets are frequently accompanied by abusive language , sometimes containing offensive or sexist words ( see table 4 ) . the average number of tweets for each of these categories is 15 , but more than 50 per cent are abusive . tweets containing hate speech are classified as containing offensive language ( sometimes containing sexist or offensive words ) and are sometimes accompanied by offensive or abusive language ( e . g . , abusive language ) . davidsonwmw17 is classified as abusive , although not hateful , and 6 to 10 times as frequently classified as offensive . on the other hand , these tweets contain hate speech and sometimes contain offensive language , such as abusive language .
results are shown in table 1 . the best performing model is the ukp - athene model , which improves recall without sacrificing too many precision points . it achieves the best f1 score with a 2 . 36 % overall improvement over the previous stateof - the - art model .
1 shows the ar and f1 scores of the models trained on the directness model . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin . directness improves the macro - f1 score by 1 . 8 points .
results are shown in table 1 . the average ar and average f1 scores are reported in tables 1 and 2 . tweets consistently outperform the majority in both macro - and micro - f1 tasks . the difference between the averages is less pronounced for the majority model , however it is larger for the macro - f1 model .
1 compares the f1 scores of multilingual bert and the baseline on french and japanese squad . the results are shown in table 1 . the f1 measures the percentage of predictions that match exactly the ground truth location of the answer . as expected , the results are slightly worse than those in english , but still comparable to those in japanese .
2 shows the f1 - score of multilingual bert on each of the cross - lingual squad datasets where the question occurs . the results in bold are the best exact match , for each language , with the exception of the one of the question . the figures in bold show the average f1 score of the two languages that occur in the same dataset . the result in table 2 shows that the bert scores obtained by the model are comparable to the ones obtained by jap .
results are shown in table 1 . the bert and bert models achieve the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 01 fever score . bert also outperforms the ucl model with a gap of 2 . 36 fever scores . table 1 shows the performance of bert & bert ( pointwise ) on the unc [ unc ] and ucl [ ucl ] datasets . however , bert performs slightly worse than bert on the ukp - athene dataset , which suggests that the importance of fine - tuning the model to improve interpretability and interpretability is important for future research .
3 shows the bleu scores on the dgt valid and test sets of our submitted models in all tracks . the results are shown in table 3 . in all but one of the three cases , mt + nlg shows significant improvement over the state - of - the - art mt models in the validation set .
6 : english nlg comparison against state - of - the - art on rotowire - test . we apply a set of fixes to the model outputs , averaged over 3 runs . again , the bleu of the submitted nlg model is slightly different ( e . g . , 1 - of - 3 → 1 - of 3 ) .
7 presents the results of an ablation study using the best player baseline . bleu ( normalized by the number of frames ) measures the performance of 3 best players . the results are shown in table 7 . we find that the shuffling of the best players results in a significant drop in performance . the removal of most tags , however , does not improve performance .
3 shows the f1 score on the development set for low - resource training setups ( none , tiny 5k labeled danish sentences ) and large english source data . we use finetune as the transfer layer . we use multilingual embeddings and fine - tuning to transfer the learned sentences across multiple languages . with the addition of the large embedding layer , we can further refine our model with the help of a single layer of neural transfer . the results are shown in table 3 . the small size of the sentences that we transfer across the two layers of our model shows that the translation layer can further improve the model ' s interpretability .
4 shows the f1 score for danish ner . our proposed method outperforms all stateof - the - art embeddings except for polyglot . the results are shown in table 4 .
5 shows the f1 scores of the models trained on the inspec model in question . inspec models outperform all the other models in terms of f1 @ 5 . the results are reported in table 5 . we observe that the performance gap between the inspec model ( krapivin et al . , 2018 ) and the original model ( mikolov et al . ( 2018 ) is narrower than in the traditional case . table 5 shows that inspec models that rely on word embeddings , their performance gap is less than in traditional models .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the oracle model significantly improves the results for both the present and the absent modes . the results are reported in table 1 . in both cases , the results are significantly worse than those obtained by the catseqd - 2 .
5 : ablation study on the kp20k dataset . we use the two different rf1 reward functions in the full approach as well as the f1 reward function in the low - supervision setting . suffix " - rf1 " denotes that we replace the adaptive rf1 function with an f1 function for all the generated keyphrases . it is clear from table 5 that this approach relies on two different reward functions to derive the keyphrase answers .
present and past performance of the models are reported in table 1 . we present both the mean and average f1 @ ( m = 0 . 005 ) on the table 1 shows that both the present and the past performance are significantly better than the previous state of the art models . the results are presented in table 2 . in the case of the present performance , the results are significantly worse than those of the past .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the ar model has the best bleu score of any human model with at least 80 % chance of success . as shown in the second table , the difference between human and non - ar models is less pronounced than that between human models . in addition , the percentage of ar models that are trained on the distinct - 1 and distinct - 2 contexts is less than that of the other models ( e . g . , ar + mmi + rl ) .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the ar + mmi model significantly improves upon the state of the art by increasing the precision without sacrificing too many features . it also improves the generalization ability of the model , improving the coherence ability by 2 . 8 points in the overall task .
4 shows the performances of nonar + mmi methods on the wmt14 and wmt16 ro → en datasets . the results from gu et al . ( 2018 ) are shown in table 4 . nat ( our implementation ) improves the performance by 1 . 48pp over previous stateof - the - art models . however , it is unable to achieve the best performance with the flowseq - large model .
3 shows the performance of different weighting variations evaluated on the german compounds dataset ( 32 , 246 nominal compounds ) . all variations use t = 100 transformations and the dropout rate that was observed to work best on the dev dataset ( see table 3 ) . transweight - mat also uses n = 200 transformation to reduce dropout rates and to improve the q2 performance by 2 . 5 % . we observe that for the russian compounds dataset , using n = 200 transformation gives a performance improvement of 25 . 21 % over the previous state of the art weighting scheme .
top - of - the - box results for english are reported in table 1 . the average number of entries for each category is computed in the ( q1 ) and ( q2 ) compared to the number of words in the original dataset . for english , the proposed algorithm performs well in both the validation and the validation set . it is able to compute hundreds of entries in the final dataset in the form of sentence embeddings . in english , it can be seen that the proposed method performs better than the original algorithm in both validation and validation sets .
3 shows the performance of our ent - sent model on cnn . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the cnn ent - dym model outperforms all the other models on cnn in terms of f1 score . in addition , the ent - dep1 model performs better on cnn than ent - lstm on other cnn models .
2 shows the mrr and map scores of bertbase in test set of five datasets with different epochs . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that bertbase significantly outperforms semanticqa and yahooqa in terms of mrr . it also outperforms semevalcqa - 16 and semeqa - 17 by a significant margin . finally , we observe that the sota results are in the range of 0 . 864 to 0 . 908 , which is slightly better than the results of semevalcqas - 16 .
models trained on cnn ent - only and ent - dep1 outperform ent - sent on all metrics except f1 . the results of these models are shown in table 1 . in particular , the results of the cnn models are significantly better than those on the other cnn datasets . we observe that the ent - dym model outperforms ent - lstm on both cnn datasets , with the exception of the one on the cnn dataset that is not used in the united states . this suggests that the importance of the word " ent " in describing the structure of a sentence is important for the development of effective sentence prediction .
shown in table 1 , the number of instances with semantic annotations in the opiec - linked dataset drops significantly when comparing to the original embeddings . in particular , the percentage of instances that had negative polarity in their semantic annotations drops significantly after replacing them with ones with ones that had positive polarity . this suggests that semantic annotations are beneficial for understanding the semantic annotations . however , their effect on the performance is less significant than those without .
3 shows the performance of the system in relation to the associated musicians . it can be seen that both the associated musician and the associatedmusicalartist have similar desires to perform in the same manner . in addition , the presence of the associated musicalartist has a generally positive effect ( 7 , 842 ) on performance .
results are shown in table 4 . we show the results of the experiments in the ambiguous and ambiguous settings . the results are presented in the ablation set , which consists of a single set of test sets . in the ablation set , the results are summarized in terms of the number of frames in the test set and the quality of the concatenated set . after filtering the original set , we reconfirm that the resulting set is balanced , with the exception of the one that is not in the test set . this confirms the viability of the das method in the multicast setting .
3 shows the performance of bertbase and bertlarge in test set of five datasets . the number of training epochs is 3 . these results show that bertbase significantly improves the interpretability of the two datasets .
6 shows the performance of the different classifiers trained on the same hyperparametric network . the results are shown in table 6 . automatic and random search methods perform better than manual search on both datasets , however , the performance drop is still significant . manual search and random search perform worse than the automatic search methods , but are comparable in performance with the random search method .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to semantic inference . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that our method has the best performance when trained on the original embeddings and the semantic ones . in particular , we observe that the accuracy obtained by using the semantic analogy is high .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the gold - pooled crcnn dataset . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the accuracy obtained by the model is relatively high , which suggests that the model can rely less on superficial cues .
experimental results on iwslt 2017 de → en and wmt 2016 en → de datasets are shown in table 1 . it can be seen that the β - entmax model performs better than softmax on both datasets . moreover , when using softmax , the model achieves a better bleu score of 29 . 79 / 29 . 79 on the standard test set and a better score of 25 . 93 / 26 . 93 on the gold - fold test set .
results for c - lstm models trained with cc and arxiv embeddings are shown in table 6 . the results for macro and subtasks are consistent with the strong lemma baseline . we also observe that the subtasks with the highest f1 score have the smallest effect on macro - and subtask f1 scores .
2 presents the results of our model on the unc testa and unc + testb . our model outperforms all the other models with g - ref scores except for those using referit feature . we observe that our model significantly improves upon the state - of - the - art model on both testb and testa by a significant margin . referit features significantly better performance than the previous models .
2 presents the results of an ablation study of the different attention methods for multimodal features on the unc val set . our approach shows that the attention method significantly improves the interpretability of the word - pixel pair attention .
2 shows the performance of our model on the test set of iou . our model outperforms all the other models except for those using rmi - lstm . it achieves the best performance on both test set and on the training set . it obtains a 2 . 23 % improvement on the prec @ 0 . 9 and 2 . 53 % improvement over the previous state of the art cmsa model .
experimental results of the second metric are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin . we observe that the performance improvement on model 1 is due to the higher precision of the test set . we empirically compare our model with the previous state of the art on all the evaluation metrics . we show that the precision increase with the growth of the model after applying the first metric .
3 presents the performance of our model on the validation set of swda . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in the overall performance .
results are shown in table 1 . inspec models outperform the random models in terms of f1 @ 10 . note that inspec models , the inspec model performs better on average compared to random models . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 .
3 shows the f @ k scores of models trained on the transformer 80m and the bigrnn 80m . the results are shown in table 4 . the model performs better than random models on both datasets with a reported f @ 10 score of 0 . 005 and 0 . 364 . in addition , the accuracy of the random models is significantly lower than that of the regular models with a similar number of parameters . we observe that the performance gap between random and true - fitting models is less than the large - scale ensemble of transformer models .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of ablation studies show that the elmo - lstm - crf performs similarly to the original hb model on three of the four tests , with the exception of the one that is tested on the penn adverse drug ( dod ) . in addition , there is a significant drop in performance between the two tests for each of the three scenarios . in the case of the penn adverse drug ( adr ) , the difference between detection and action is small but significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) . the most striking thing about this data is that it exhibits very high correlation with the human judgement ( i . e . , that the agent is interacting with the other party , not the other way around ) . on the other hand , for the other two tests , we observe that the presence of negative emotions in the sample indicates that the agents are interacting with each other .
results are shown in table 1 . the first group of results show that the quality of the scientific information is improving with the addition of a label and a label to the diagnosis detection f1 score . further , the second group shows that the importance of the label and the label of the relation are improving with each improvement . we also observe that the frequency with which the label is provided is increasing with each iteration of the disease relations ( cdr ) improvement .
2 : concerning the quality of dialogues , we note that the number of instances per conversation is small but the average number of utterances per dialogues is high , indicating that the training set is well balanced . we also observe that the average dialogues length is low , which indicates that training on a single dataset can improve the interpretability of the dialogues . the average time to utterances is shorter than the average length of sentences to generate a conversation . in the out - of - domain setting , anger is the most prevalent emotion , followed by sadness . as shown in table 2 , training on the emotionpush dataset can reduce the effect of negative sentiment on the conversation quality .
1 compares the performance of hotelqa and fsa baseline on paraphrase extraction . the results are shown in table 1 . for both datasets , we extract the extracted pairs from the same dataset and compare their precision with the baseline . our model shows a significant over - fitting across all three datasets , with the exception of the one in hotelqa . the percentage of pairs extracted from the original dataset is significantly higher than the fsa baseline , with a gap of 2 . 5 % in precision .
5 shows the r vs u scores for the combined br , us , and combined u datasets . the baseline score is 50 % . it is clear from table 5 that our system can easily distinguish between the true and false states of the biluo dataset .
2 shows the performance of our model with respect to difficulties . we observe that our model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of the number of tokens in the dataset , which indicates that the trie model is able to distinguish between different types of tokens . further , we observe that the clustering of tokens leads to different kinds of problems for different tokens .
2 shows the performance of our model with respect to the fast sync and compact sync embeddings . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the headsers and headsers perform better than the other two models in terms of accuracy . however , the differences in performance between the heads and heads are less pronounced for compact sync than for fast sync . table 2 shows that the number of heads and number of pairs of pairs is the most important part of the task for both systems . our model obtains the best performance when combining the two sets of functions .
performance of rnn - search - bpe compared to transformer - word - based bleu is reported in table 1 . transformer word - values are statistically significant in terms of mt02 , chrf1 and rd scores , as these results show , the average mt02 and average mt1 scores are significantly lower than those of transformerword - word , we conjecture that the performance obtained by ours and ours is due to the high repetition rate of the word " word " in the transformer context . however , this is not the case . on the other hand , when we consider the fact that the word ' word ' is used in the context of " speech " , we find that it is easier to search for words " speech " than " speech " . this suggests that the reliance on word - based representations of speech leads to incorrect interpretability of speech .
results are shown in table 2 . the multi - granularity model outperforms all the baselines except for bert , which achieves the best performance on task flc . the joint model achieves a joint flc score of 62 . 84 / 71 . 86 on the task slc r and 35 . 86 / 59 . 91 on the task flc f1 . the bert model is superior in all aspects except for the flc scores .
2 shows the performance on a dev - random split with cos - e used during training . the results on a single cqa dev - split are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to cqa v1 . 0 . the addition of cos - e during training with cage reasoning during both training and inference leads to an absolute gain of 10 % .
4 shows the results on cqa dev - random split using different variants of cos - e for both training and validation . as table 4 shows , the accuracy on the test set is significantly higher than that on the training set . however , the difference is less pronounced for the validation set , which indicates that cos is more suitable for the dual task .
6 shows the results for explanation transfer from cqa to out - of - domain swag and sotry cloze tasks .
1 shows the mean , standard deviation , and ensembled f1 scores for the f1 and testing on the lqn split of redi et al . ( 2019 ) . bert and pu achieve the best results with a f1 score of 0 . 871 ± 0 . 010 , which is slightly better than the expected 0 . 864 baseline score . table 1 also compares bert with [ italic ] puc ( which is the standard deviation of a statement with a citation but needing one ) and [ bert + pu ( which consists of 15 examples ) . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that bert significantly outperforms pu in both the epm and f1 metrics .
shown in table 1 , the number of synsets in the training and test set is inversely proportional to the depth of the hierarchical hierarchy . the number of pairs counted from the top - synset of the training set is almost twice that of the other 500 pairs , indicating that there is a considerable imbalance in the distribution of knowledge across the three domains .
2 shows the importance of each feature in relation to the human judgement . it can be seen that the most important feature is the word - length - min , which measures the quality of the word in the hierarchical hierarchy . in general terms , it measures the effect of word length - min on the overall score of the given word .
3 shows the balanced accuracy and κ of the predictions made in a new domain with or without normalization . with the addition of these features , our model achieves a 0 . 69 / 0 . 69 overall score and λ of 0 . 72 on the standard domains . the results are shown in table 3 . we additionally consider the effect of the additional features on the founta metric ( which measures the quality of the word " fruit " in the context of a conversation conversation .
1 shows the distribution of the event mentions per token in all datasets of the eventi corpus . for each pos that is trained , the number of tokens per token is reported in table 1 . in all but one of these datasets , the frequency of the mentions per pos is significantly higher than those for any other pos .
2 shows the distribution of the event mentions per class in all datasets of the eventi corpus . it is clear from table 2 that training on the i - state dataset significantly reduces the effect of negative sentiment on prediction performance .
3 shows the performance of our model on the validation set of fastext - itwack . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that our model performs well on both the validation and validation set , with the exception of the strict evaluation set , which results in a lower f1 score . the results of the relaxed evaluation and glove test set are shown in table 1 . the accuracy of the glove - based model is significantly lower than that of the other two baselines .
3 presents the bleu scores of the models trained on the inter - dist dist - 1 and dist - 2 datasets . the results reported in table 3 show that the bow embeddings significantly outperform the traditional models using the hierarchical clustering feature set .
human judgments for models trained on the dailydialog dataset are shown in table 5 . the best performing model is dialogwae - gmp , which shows that diversity and informative features reduce the performance of negative stereotypes . in addition , the vhcr model shows a significant drop in performance compared to the baseline , which indicates that the effectiveness of informative mechanisms can be further improved with the training of a more diverse population .
2 compares our proposed methods with the baselines and baselines . multiseq achieves the highest bleu score , but not significant . similarly , seq2seq models achieve the highest score , although not significant , compared to rl look - ahead model . we observe that combining the three aspects of our proposed method achieves the best overall score .
table 1 presents the performance of our model in 5 runs on the development sets of cd - seq2seq . the results show that our method is significant enough to improve the ques . match scores by 2 . 7 points over the strong baseline of syntaxsql - con . we also report the results in table 1 , which show that the improvements of our method are significant with p < 0 . 005 .
results reported in table 3 show that the proposed spon method significantly improves the performance of the system by increasing the precision . the results of applying the method significantly improve the overall performance .
4 : ablation tests reporting average precision values on the unsupervised hypernym detection task , signifying the choice of the types of layers utilized in our proposed spon model . relu and tanh both have negative ( p < 0 . 01 ) and positive ( p > . 01 ) effects on the overall performance . relu with tanh also has a negative effect . it can be seen from table 4 that the use of the residual layer further reduces the performance of the relu layer .
5 : results on the unsupervised hypernym detection task for bless dataset . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon as compared against smoothed box model is statistically significant .
2 shows the rouge recall results on the nyt50 test set . the results are reported in table 2 . rl + intra - attn improves recall by 2 . 5 % in the two - stage setup .
results on semeval 2018 domain - specific hypernym discovery task . our system outperforms all the other systems except for the one that applies fine - tuning . the results on the music and medical datasets are shown in table 7 . for the medical dataset , crim has the best performance on the domain specific task .
shown in table 1 , the embedding similarity scores between the real target output and the real target output are significantly less than those of pre - trained greedy . this shows that the rl model can easily distinguish between the real and simulated output without sacrificing too many embeddings .
3 shows the roc and f1 scores for each model that interacts with the sst metric . the most interesting ones are the ones that rely on the word " sst " . for example , sstm performs better than the hard baseline on both amazon and cnn datasets , while bilstm does better on the hard dataset .
4 presents the performance of annotated gold standard dialogue . our system achieves the best performance with a kappa score of 0 . 73 and observed agreement ( ao ) with 0 . 67 , both for gold standard and non - gold standard discourse .
experimental results are shown in table 3 . the best result for each model is achieved in the inception setting . our joint model outperforms the baseline in both cases . inceptionfixed 43 . 7 ± 0 . 42 % and bilstm 23 . 2 ± 1 . 41 % in the inception setting , respectively . these results show that the accuracy obtained by baselines can be further improved with the addition of additional features to the model .
4 shows the confusion matrix of wikipedia . rows are the actual quality classes and columns are the predicted quality classes . the diagonal ( gray ) cells indicate correct predictions . however , the diagonal ( p < 0 . 01 ) indicates incorrect predictions .
results in table 1 show that large - scale text classification data sets can significantly improve the task performance for english news categorization . our model outperforms all the other methods except for the one that train on sogou news , which results in a 4 . 6k overall improvement over the previous model .
results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in ag ( 5k ) and sogou ( 10k ) by a significant margin . we observe that our model improves upon the state - of - art b - sememnn - ct by 3 . 5 points in ag ( table 1 ) .
ii presents the bleu scores of pre - trained models from table i . the results are shown in table ii . all prefix models show significant over - fitting since pre - training models tend to have less predictive performance . however , all prefix models also show large overfitting . predicate models have a significant overfitting performance , which indicates that the model is trained on a large corpus .
1 shows the performance of our pre - trained model on the test set of hotpotqa2 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin . we observe that the model performs well on both test set , with a gap of 2 . 3 points in the overall performance . hosseini , et al . ( 2017 ) outperforms both the previous models with an absolute improvement of 4 . 6 points in performance .
1 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus . the proposed bert + rnn + ontology model improves the joint goal accuracy by 0 . 9 % over the original statenetpsi model .
2 shows the joint accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus . our model obtains a joint goal accuracy of 0 . 2583 ( ± 0 . 0187 ) compared to the previous stateof - the - art .
experimental results on the target corpus dataset are shown in table 1 . the results of fine - tuned bert ( transformer ) outperform all the other models that use the transformer model . the true bert score is 2 . 53 / 3 . 53 while the false one is 3 . 45 / 4 . 55 .
experimental results on the target corpus are shown in table 1 . the bert model achieves the best performance with a 3 . 27 % boost in precision over the traditional transfer distance . hubert ( transformer ) achieves the highest precision with a 2 . 23 % increase in precision . in the transformer model , the accuracy obtained with fine - tuned bert is the highest on the three datasets . with the exception of snli , bert has the highest accuracy with a 1 . 14 % boost .
results in table 3 show that the hubert test set can significantly improve the transfer quality of the data from source to target . the results are shown in table 4 . we additionally compare our huber test set with the previous state - of - the - art methods . the mnli and snli datasets are statistically significant in terms of accuracy , with the exception of rte , which has the most significant effect on transfer quality . in particular , we compare the accuracy of our model with those of other widely used source - based methods . we observe that qqp significantly outperforms the other methods in that it is more accurate and more cost effective .
results are shown in table 4 . we additionally consider the effect of bag - of - words on the auroc scores of the models , weighted by the number of frames in the model . the effect of these features is minimal but significant , with a marginal drop of 0 . 005 ( 0 . 001 ) in the precision numbers for the icd - 9 and the primary ccs top - 5 recalls . with the exception of the one case in which there is no effect of the presence of unigrams or bigrams on the model , we observe that there is a small but significant drop in precision between the mean of the two concatenated sets , which indicates that the model is able to distinguish between features without a significant impact on performance .
results in table 2 show that bert12 has the best performance on both sst - 2 and qqp datasets . however , it does not exceed the performance of bert6 - pkd , which shows the diminishing returns from using fast multi - factor params . we conjecture that the speedup due to the high number of parameters in the evaluation set may not be significant , but it is encouraging to continue researching into this topic as it may improve the model performance in the future . the results of applying the best performing algorithm ( bert12 ) are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other methods in terms of accuracy .
results are shown in table 2 . our proposed system improves upon the performance of the original adabert - sst - 2 by 4 . 3 points . however , it still outperforms the state - of - the - art on mrpc and qnli . this is mostly due to the higher precision of the mrpc algorithm and the higher number of iterations compared to the original .
5 shows the effect of the diminishing returns on the productivity loss term . it can be seen that the impact of diminishing returns is less pronounced on sst - 2 than it is on qnli , but it is larger than that for other systems .
4 shows the effect of knowledge loss terms on performance . we observe that for all models that use the word " knowledge loss " , the effect is less pronounced on the performance of qnli .
results on cmu - mosi are shown in table 1 . our model significantly outperforms the current state of the art model on all evaluation metrics , including the f1 ↑ and corr ↑ scores . the results are highlighted in bold and δsota represents the change in performance of m - bert model over sota1 . table 1 shows the performance of our model compared to previous best state - of - art models .
results in table 1 show that the attention - based gaussian mask reduces the gap between the true response time and the false positive response time . rl model also improves the task prediction , but it is less effective .
3 shows the me score for each image that falls below threshold . the scores for omniglot and imagenet are shown in table 3 . the average me score is 0 . 2 , which means that the image that has fallen below threshold is imagenet . the number of images after which the me score is shown to be less than 2 . 5 .
3 shows the performance of our model with hotflip and soft - att on the en - de test set . the results are shown in table 3 . the randomization method shows a significant drop in performance compared to the model with soft - att . transformer performs better than blstm and transformer in all but one of the cases where the randomization methods have a significant impact on the model performance .
3 shows the performance of our model with the addition of hotflip and soft - att . the results are presented in table 3 . the results of the best performing model are shown in bold . we observe that the randomization method significantly improves the l1 and l2 scores , but does not improve the overall performance of the model . this is mostly due to the small size of the training set and the high number of training instances .
3 shows the performance of our method with the addition of hotflip and soft - att . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the clustering quality of our model is relatively high , with the exception of the case of the en - de where random attention is strictly limited to l1 and ltrans2 . however , the improvement is slim , with only a marginal drop of performance between random attention and the max - att function .
2 shows the percentage of bitext data that is noised as a function of the proportion of bites that are noised . in particular , we observe that 80 % of the cases where noised data is considered is those where there is a significant drop in the quality of the data ( from 0 to 99 % ) .
4 shows the performance of reverse models compared to noisedbt in wmt16 enro . we present the results of experiments using bitext as the base model . the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in bold . we observe that both the original and the reverse models perform similarly to the original ones . however , for the it . - 2 model , we see a significant drop in performance compared to those using taggedbt .
results on wmt15 enfr are shown in table 5 . we observe that bitext and noisedbt are better than noisedbt on some of the test sets , but on others we see lower performance . the improvements are mostly due to larger variation of the model in the test set , with bitext having a bigger impact on accuracy .
shown in table 6 , the attention sink ratio on the first and last token of a sentence is 0 . 31 , averaged over all sentences in newstest14 . it is clear from table 6 that the enhanced attention sink is important for the model to distinguish between the true and false responses . for the true responses , it is treated as if they were bt ( noised and / or tagged , resp . ) , whereas for the false responses it is considered as if it were tagged . we can also see that the increased entropy in the sentence is a result of the increased attention sink in the context of the sentence .
results in table 7 show that noised decoding has the greatest impact on the performance of standard decoding . our model outperforms the noised model in all but one of the cases where the decoder is tagged with a significant number of parameters .
results in table 9 show that for both the original and the unlabeled data , there is a significant amount of source - target overlap for both back - translated data with decoding newstest as if it were bitext or bt data . this shows that the accuracy of the standard decoding signal is very high for both datasets , with a gap of 11 . 4 % in the standard decode rate .
1 shows the distribution of the documents among the classes of the reuters - 8 . for each class , we present the distribution in table i . the largest difference is in the number of samples , which shows that the information distribution is concentrated in one place . the smaller difference is due to the large difference in the quality of the information .
3 shows the performance of our proposed lsa model compared to the previous stateof - the - art models on the std . deviation test set of tf - msm . our proposed model outperforms all the other models except for the one that relies on the binbow embeddings . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that our proposed model significantly improves the performance on the validation set by removing the dependency trees and replacing them with the original ones . this underscores the effectiveness of our method . we empirically observe that the use of our model achieves the best performance on both datasets .
system performance on the conll - 2014 dataset is reported in table 1 . the system performs best when trained on the errant network . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 summarizes the performance of our system on the three datasets . our system outperforms all the stateof - the - art systems in terms of both p / e and f0 . 5 .
classification labels and distribution per source are shown in table iii . the most common type of reply is the one that appears in the whitelist of hackforums . this category includes items that belong to the previous categories and can be seen in hackforums as well . it is clear from table iii that there is a significant amount of variation in the distribution of these types of responses .
3 shows the performance of our method in relation to coreference . we use the word " artichat " . the results are presented in table 4 . all the methods used for the task are described in terms of quality . the method used in the production setting ( fasttext ) and graphical regression ( graphicalregression ) achieve the best results with a minimum of 0 . 8 recall and 1 . 1 f1 score .
1 compares the performance of semantic and syntactic information pooling methods in table 1 . semantic information is the most distinctive feature of the model , followed by an overall improvement of 3 . 6 points in predictive performance . syntactic information is further divided into semantic and semantic information , semantic similarity is almost always better than semantic information . entailment is further improved by 2 . 4 points in the overall score .
3 shows the performance of our pre - trained bert on the wikipassageqa dataset . our model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models with a minimum of 10 . 5 p @ 1 and p @ 10 . these results show that the fine - tuned bert improves the model ' s performance on both the in - domain and in the multi - domain settings .
3 compares the results of our trained model with others . our trained model outperforms all the other models except for those that use peyma word .
results in table 1 show that our model outperforms all the other test sets in terms of f1 score . morphobert achieves the best results in both domains , with the exception of the one in the out domain where it fails to achieve the best result . we observe that the results of our model are in the domain table 1 , where we compare against the performance of other models in the same domain . the results of the combined model are reported in table 2 .
shown in table 1 , we find that the word " discovery " has the most significant effect on the score for each category , with the largest effect being on the performance for the sports rehabilitation machine . we also observe that for the life of the machine , the word ' discovery ' has the least effect , which means that it can be used to improve the interpretability of the test set .
table 2 , we compare the performance of our models with other stateof - the - art network models on the bilstm dataset . the results are presented in table 2 . the performance of the models with the average number of network nodes is significantly less than the average of the other network models with a similar number of nodes . table 2 shows the average performance of these models with respect to the evaluation of the network models .
table 3 compares the average and average mt scores of cnn models trained on the wtp dataset . table 3 shows that cnn is significantly better than the average cnn model on both mt and wtp datasets . it is clear that cnn has superior performance on both metrics when trained on both datasets .
table 2 presents the results of our system with respect to target → system ↓ cnn : the results are presented in table 2 . all features show that target has superior performance on all features , with the exception of the wtp feature , which results in lower precision .
2 shows the accuracy of our nlu models . our hmm model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 01 % precision .
3 shows the informativeness of the answers provided by the gui . it can be seen that the gui of was suitable for reading the provided answers ( i . e . the word " agree " had a high accuracy rate and was able to distinguish between strong and weak opinions . in addition , the accuracy rate of the generated answers was comparable to that of the agents providing the answers ( e . g . those that strongly agree or disagree ) . table 3 also shows the accuracy of the gui provided by agents ofempty as well as the cost effective manner of answering the questions .
3 provides detailed results on the unsupervised ir baselines . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the approach developed by tf * idf significantly improves the results for both the personal and professional aspects of the model . however , it does not improve the overall results for the personal aspects .
3 shows the performance of the semantic rankers compared to the thematic rankers . our system obtains the best result over both thematic and syntactic rankers , with the exception of the case of de , where the average rnd score is significantly lower than the others . note that the difference between the rnd and ub scores for both languages is minimal , however it is statistically significant .
shown in table 4 , the hierarchical distribution of our agents and the corresponding lecturers is very similar . we find that the agent with the most information is more likely to have a better understanding of the task and to have better interpretability . the lecturers with the least information are less likely to give incorrect answers . in addition , the distance between the lecturers and the agent is less significant .
5 presents the results of cross - lingual evaluation . our model outperforms the state - of - the - art on both the uber and rnd tests .
results are shown in table 4 . the results of our model are presented in bold . our model achieves the best results on both metric metrics with a gap of 0 . 7 points from the last published results ( gfr ) . the results show that our model obtains the best performance on all metric metrics , with the exception of the rank of " bm25 " .
1 shows the macro - f1 scores of the bilstm and ub for each of the epistemic activities . the ub model obtains a higher f1 score than flair because it uses fasttext embeddings . however , ub has comparable f1 scores with flair .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that bert logits have the best performance on the three types of data , with the exception of the tagged spans . the results are presented in bold , indicating that the bert model is more effective than the handcrafted bert .
results are shown in table 4 . the most striking results are those of " reckoning " and " border - waving " . these results show that contrary to intuition , there is a significant racial imbalance in our system , leading to incorrect predictions ( e . g . name calling , labeling , name calling ) and flag - waving ( p < 0 . 005 ) . however , contrary to these predictions , our system exhibits exactly the same results as the original one : a reduction in the frequency with which words are predicted to appear to belong to a group of words is almost always accompanied by a decrease in accuracy .
4 shows the evaluation results for the kras and pik3ca datasets . our model improves the evaluation performance by applying the reciprocal evaluation function on the relevance function . the results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models with a significant margin . the evaluation results show that our model has the best performance on both evaluation and evaluation results .
1 shows the performance of our system compared to ours ( which relies on word embeddings ) . we also compare it to the linspector web , which relies on word similarity tasks . the results are shown in table 1 . our system consists of 10 layers and 10 models . the number of layers and the type of task are small but significant . we use the best performing epochs model , köhn et al . ( 2016 ) outperforms the others in terms of number of iterations . we use a variant of word similarity task ( dt ) , which pretrain the models to perform the task better .
6 presents the evaluation results . our proposed system obtains the best results . it verifies the effectiveness of the drug against three of the four conditions described in table 6 . it also applies to all but one of the other three conditions .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . our svm model ( original ) has been taken from beinborn ( 2016 ) and re - labelled as bilstm ( reproduced ) in the lab . we observe that the quality of the original data is significantly improved with the use of qw - based learning models ( svm ) , as shown in fig . 1 .
2 presents the rmse scores for both strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties .
3 shows the error rates e ( t ) per text and strategy compared to def for the hard and hard subsets . results marked with ∗ deviate significantly from the standard size for both targets . as expected , the average size deviates significantly from def while the hard size is higher .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that framenet significantly outperforms the lexicon - lexicon baseline on both metric with lexicon and f1 - m - amb in terms of performance . the results of using the word embeddings in the model are not statistically significant , however , the results are still significantly worse than those of the original framenet model , which relies on lexicon for inference .
2 presents the results of our model on the bleu test set . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 2 . 8 points in f1 score . it further improves by 3 . 6 points . the results of cluster are reported in table 2 .
1 shows the rouge scores ( on full test set ) and average summary length for reference . fraction of incorrect summaries is reported in table 1 . these summaries are evaluated on a subset of 100 summaries . they are shown in bold for comparison . they have a significant margin over incorrect summaries , but it is less than in in incorrect ones . the fas chen18 model shows a slight margin over the pgc see17 model , but still outperforms gehrmann18 in the incorrect category .
results are shown in table 2 . infersent significantly outperforms random models with a gap of 2 . 5 % in performance . the results are presented in table 1 . we observe that infersent outperforms all the other models except for val , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing original and original word embeddings . note that the results are not statistically significant even at the 90 % level .
2 shows the french contraction rules for lequel and en les → desquels . for lequel , vois ci → voici , et vois là → voilà , et et al . ( 2018 ) observe that the presence of verbs in the same sentence leads to a better understanding of the relation .
2 presents the results of the disjoint setup . we show the full results of our model in table 2 . disjoint dbless and full wbless are the only tasks that can be completed with a full complement of documents . table 2 shows the results for both domains . the presence of the word " disjoint " in the joint setup and the number of documents required to complete the task are the most important aspects of the setup . we show that the presence of two entities in the same domain results in a significant improvement .
2 shows the precision ( ap ) of our method in cross - lingual transfer . we show that our method achieves the best results in both target languages ( spanish and french ) . the results are shown in table 2 .
results are shown in table 3 . the conll max and the lea max achieve the best results on the test set when using the stanford rule - based evaluation scheme . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 .
experimental results are shown in table 1 . the performance of the mse model on the test set is shown in the low - supervision setting . we observe that random regression significantly improves the performance of our model ,
iii shows the performance of different syntactic representations on the ccat10 and blogs50 datasets . the performance of pos - cnn is reported in table iii . it significantly outperforms pos - han on both datasets . however , it is significantly worse than pos - news , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing syntactic and semantic representations .
iv shows the performance of our combined system on the ccat10 and blogs50 datasets . syntactic - han improves the performance by 3 . 36 points over lexical - hans , while lexical han improves by 2 . 45 points .
results are shown in table v . the performance of the combined and parallel datasets is reported in tables v and vii . the results are reported in table vii . our system obtains the best performance with a combined score of 87 . 36 % and 90 . 58 % on the parallel dataset , respectively .
vi shows the performance of our models for each dataset . the best performance is achieved on the ccat10 dataset , while the worst performance is obtained on the blogs50 dataset . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we included in table vi . the svm - affix - punctuation 3 - grams model achieves an overall improvement of 3 . 5 points over the previous state of the art cnn model .
experimental results are shown in table 2 . we show the performance of our lstm model with respect to ns and f1 scores . the results are presented in table 1 . the svm model with the max rbl function outperforms all the other models with a minimum of 0 . 05 f1 score . in particular , the performance improvement over the baseline is due to the increased precision of the rbl algorithm .
experimental results are shown in table 1 . we observe that lstm ( which relies on conditional modeling ) improves the performance of the system with respect to ns and f1 .
δ shows the performance of our system with respect to modality . our model achieves a 3 . 9 % f - score improvement over the random baseline on all metrics except f - score . note that our model obtains a 2 . 4 % boost over the state of the art random baseline . this suggests that the ability to predict the task at hand is relatively high .
δ shows the performance of our system with respect to modality . our system achieves the best performance with a f - score of 62 . 8 on the single - factor test set . note that the asymmetric nature of our model results in that it achieves a better f - score with a lower error rate than random . this suggests that our system is able to distinguish between unimodal and random contexts .
results are shown in table 4 . the best results are obtained when context and speaker are used in the setup . note that the speaker dependent model significantly outperforms the speaker independent model in both precision and recall . further , when context is used , the results are significantly better than those without .
