2 shows the performance of our recursive approach on the large movie review dataset . the recur approach performs the best on inference with efficient parallel execution of tree nodes , while the iterative approach performs better on training .
shown in table 1 , the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput compared to the linear dataset when the batch size is larger .
2 shows the results for each model with different representation size . the max pooling strategy consistently performs better in all model variations . the number of hyper parameters with different values is shown in table 2 . the size of the hyper parameters has a significant effect on the performance of the model , as shown in fig 2 .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . with sdp , we obtain the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) without sdp . the results are shown in table 1 . when using sdp as a dependency path , our model achieves a better f1 than those using the macro - averaged path .
results are presented in table 3 . y - 3 outperforms y - 2 in terms of f1 and f1 score . the results are shown in table 1 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of the test set are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other methods in terms of test scores , with the exception of mst - parser , which outperforms both the best and worst methods . the performance of our model is comparable to those of the best - performing models .
4 shows the performance of the two indicated systems at the essay vs . paragraph level . the best performing system is lstm - parser .
shown in table 1 , we show the results of the original and the correct ones . the results are presented in table 2 . the original and correct ones are shown in bold . the correct ones show that the original is better than the wrong ones . in addition , the incorrect ones show a drop in performance .
shown in table 1 , we compare the original and the cleaned versions of the e2e data with the original ones . we observe that the original mrs have a significant effect on the performance of the cleaned version , as shown in fig . 1 . the number of distinct mrs , total number of textual references , and the number of slot matching scripts are all measured in terms of ser .
3 presents the results of the original and the variant tests performed on the test set . the results are presented in table 3 . the original and variant test sets are shown in bold . the variant test set has the best performance on both test set and variant set . in addition , the original test set is slightly better than the variant set , but still performs worse than the original .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . note that the errors are caused by slight disfluencies in the training data .
results are presented in table 1 . the best performing models are the ones with the highest performance on the external and external datasets . the results are shown in table 2 . table 1 shows the performance of the models with the best performance on both datasets .
2 shows the bleu scores on amr17 . the model size is shown in table 2 . we observe that dcgcn ( ours ) outperforms all the other models in terms of parameter size . the results are shown in bold .
results are presented in table 1 . the best performing models are the english - german and english - czech models . we show that the best performing ones are the ones with the best performance in english and german . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the embeddings of the layers . we observe that when the layers are stacked together , the effect is less pronounced than when the layer is stacked together . as shown in table 5 , there is a significant drop in performance compared to the previous state of the art .
6 : comparisons with baselines with residual connections . + rc denotes gcns that have residual connections ( see table 6 ) . the results are shown in table 6 . we observe that the gcn has residual connections with the residual connections , and that residual connections have a significant effect on performance .
shown in table 1 , the dcgcn model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . in particular , the model achieves a better performance on the b - test compared to other models .
8 shows the results of ablation study on amr15 with respect to the embeddings in the i - th block . the results are shown in table 8 . in the dev set , the dense blocks have the smallest number of dense connections .
9 shows the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are shown in table 9 . the model used in the graph encoder outperforms all the other models in terms of coverage , with the exception of dcgcn4 .
shown in table 7 , our model outperforms all the other approaches on probing tasks . our model achieves the best performance on all the probing tasks , with the exception of subjnum .
results are presented in table 1 . the best performing models are h - cbow and h - cmow / 400 , respectively . these models outperform all the other models in terms of depth and precision .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the cbow / 784 model outperforms all the other models in terms of mrpc and mpqa performance . it also outperforms both the hybrid and hybrid models in the mrpc test set . in particular , it outperforms the sst2 and sst5 test sets by a margin of 0 . 2 % and 0 . 4 % respectively .
3 shows the relative change with respect to hybrid compared to cbow on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . the results are shown in table 3 . cbow outperforms hybrid in the overall improvement .
8 shows the performance of the initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the other approaches except for subj and mpqa .
6 shows the results for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . cmow - c outperforms cbow - r on all three tasks except sts13 , sts14 and sts15 .
shown in table 1 , we observe that cbow - r outperforms both cbow and cbow in terms of depth and length . the results are shown in bold . cbow shows a significant drop in precision compared to cbow , which shows a slight increase in precision .
3 presents the results of our method on the subj and mrpc datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . the subj model outperforms both the mrpc and mpqa datasets in terms of mrpc scores . the sst2 models outperform the sst3 and sst5 models by a margin of 3 . 5 points . the cbow - r models perform better than the other two models in both mrpc models , however , their performance is slightly worse than those of the other models .
results are shown in table 1 . in [ italic ] e + org and e + per , the system outperforms all the other systems in the e + e + misc test set . with respect to the org test set , the results are presented in table 2 . the results are summarized in table 3 . all org results are reported in table 4 . as expected , all org scores are significantly higher than those of the other two systems . we observe that the best performing system is the one with the best org score .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . in [ italic ] e + p and e + f1 , the system outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 scores . the results are summarized in tables 2 and 2 . we observe that the system performs better than all the models in both settings .
6 : entailment ( ent ) and model ( g2s - gat ) results are shown in table 6 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of ref and ref scores . in particular , the g2s models outperform all the others by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in bold . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of the g2s - ggnn model , which outperforms the ldc2015e86 model .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . the results are shown in table 3 .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . bilstm significantly outperforms the other two models in terms of size and size .
results are presented in table 1 . the model outperforms the g2s - gin model in terms of sentence length and sentence length . in particular , the model performs better on sentence length compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . as shown in table 2 , the average sentence length is longer than the average word length .
shown in table 8 , the fraction of elements in the input graph that are missing in the generated sentence ( g2s - ggnn ) is lower than the fraction in the output graph ( miss ) . this shows the importance of token lemmas in the evaluation set .
4 shows the performance of the four nmt encoding layers on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) . the results are shown in table 4 . the best performing embeddings are the ones extracted from the 4th nmt layer .
2 shows the accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . mft : most frequent tag ; unsupemb : most frequently tag ; word2tag : upper bound encoder - decoder embeddings ; and sem : more frequent tag .
results are presented in table 1 . the pos tagging accuracy scores are shown in bold . for example , the average accuracy is 91 . 9 % compared to 90 . 5 % for the other two categories .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages .
8 shows the performance of the attacker on different datasets . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in table 8 .
1 presents the results of training directly towards a single task . the results are shown in table 1 . the performance of pan16 is comparable to that of the pan16 trained on the same dataset .
shown in table 2 , the asymmetric nature of the word embeddings is evident in the balanced and unbalanced data splits . the asymmetricity of word embedding leads to a drop in performance for both groups .
3 shows the performance on different datasets with an adversarial training . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in table 3 . for example , when the target is gender - neutral , the target has a higher chance of losing the task .
6 : accuracies of the protected attribute with different encoders . the embeddings are shown in table 6 . embedding rnn and rnn is the most common encoder .
results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of base and finetune performance . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that our model performs well on both the model and the model , with the exception of lstm , which performs poorly on the model .
results are presented in table 5 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of time and accuracy . the results are shown in table 6 .
results are presented in table 3 . we show the performance of our model in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of err , with the exception of yelppolar time . the results are shown in table 2 . in table 1 , we compare our model with the best performing models in both the yahoo and yelp datasets .
3 shows the bleu score on the wmt14 english - german translation task . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of time in the training batch measured from 0 . 2k training steps on the newstest2014 dataset . in addition , our system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in both english and german translation tasks .
4 shows the performance of our model on squad dataset . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of match / f1 score . we observe that the parameter number of base is significantly higher than that of lrn and sru , indicating that the model is more suitable for the task .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm * denotes the parameter number in the reported result , while sru denotes the number of parameters . the performance of sru is comparable to that of lrn , but the performance is slightly worse .
7 shows the accuracy on snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting . the results are shown in table 7 . snli model outperforms the ptb model on both tasks .
results are shown in table 1 . word embeddings are used to improve the performance of system retrieval . the average performance is 2 . 55 % compared to the average of 3 . 05 % for human and 3 . 38 % for the human . as expected , the average performance of human and system retrieval is lower than that of the human , but higher than the average for both systems . in addition , word embedding improves the performance by 2 . 59 % compared with the average 2 . 53 % for both human and systems .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best performance among automatic systems is shown in bold , with statistical significance marked with ∗ ( approximation randomization test ) .
shown in table 1 , we observe that the best performing embeddings are the ones with the best performance on the df dataset . the best performing ones are those with the worst performance on df dataset , such as docsub and docsub .
shown in table 1 , we observe that the best performing embeddings are the ones with the most impact on the performance of the df models . our model outperforms both the df and df models in terms of performance . however , our model performs slightly worse than the df model , indicating that our model has less impact on performance .
shown in table 1 , we observe that the best performing embeddings are the ones with the best performance on the df dataset . the best performing ones are those with the worst performance on df dataset , such as docsub and docsub . however , the performance of the two models is comparable to those of the other two .
embeddings are shown in table 1 . our model achieves the best performance on both metric and depthcohesion metrics . the best performance is on the metric metric , with a 1 . 78 % improvement over the previous state of the art model .
embeddings are shown in table 2 . the embedding metrics are presented in table 1 . we observe that the embedding metric has a significant effect on the performance of the embedding metric . in particular , it has a large impact on the quality of embedding . table 2 shows the performance for embeddering metric .
results are shown in table 1 . lf is the enhanced version of visdial v1 . 0 . it is comparable to the original visdial model in terms of performance ( ndcg % ) on the validation set . the difference in performance between the enhanced and enhanced visdial models is less pronounced .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on the visdial v1 . 0 validation set . p2 is implemented by the implementations in section 5 with the history shortcut . the results are shown in table 2 .
5 presents the results on hard and soft alignments . the results are presented in table 5 . the hmd - recall model outperforms all the other models on hard alignments except for the ones that are soft .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in bold . the baselines for direct assessment and de - en are summarized in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in the direct assessment test set by a significant margin . as expected , the results are significantly better than those of the baseline models .
results are presented in table 2 . the bleu - 1 model outperforms all the baselines in terms of accuracy . the results are shown in table 1 . the baselines show that the model achieves the best performance on both sets , with the exception of sfhotel , which achieves the worst performance .
3 presents the metric and baselines on the test set of word - mover and wmd - 1 . the metric scores are presented in table 3 . the meteor scores are shown in bold . the leic score is shown in the table 3 . the bertscore - recall score is presented in the second part of the sentence . the baselines are reported in table 4 . the results of the model are summarized in terms of the number of words in the sentence compared to those in the baseline .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the m0 + para + lang model outperforms the other models in terms of performance . in particular , it outperforms both the model and the gm model by a significant margin . as expected , the performance of the model is comparable to that of the original model .
3 presents the results of our model on the transfer quality and transfer quality datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . we show that our model outperforms all the other models in terms of transfer quality . the results show that the semantic preservation datasets are better than the syntactic preservation datasets , indicating that semantic preservation is more effective than semantic preservation .
5 presents the results of human sentence - level validation . the results are shown in table 5 . the human ratings of semantic preservation are significantly higher than the machine ratings of fluency . in addition , the human ratings are significantly lower than those of the machine and human judgments .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the m0 + para + lang model outperforms the other models in terms of performance . in particular , we observe that para + lang improves the performance of the model by a significant margin .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu and the highest acc ∗ on the same 1000 sentences compared to prior work . the best model outperforms all the other models in the classifiers , but the best model performs worse on the multi - decoder set .
2 shows the percentage of reparandum tokens that were correctly predicted as disfluencies . the number of repetition tokens that are correctly predicted to be disfluent is shown in table 2 . for example , for repetition tokens , the average number of tokens is 2 . 5 .
3 shows the relative frequency of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - content ) . the percentage of tokens predicted to contain a word in each category is shown in table 3 . the fraction of tokens that contain the content word is reported to be 0 . 58 ( 52 % ) compared to 0 . 69 ( 42 % ) for the other category .
results are presented in table 1 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of dev and innovations . in particular , it outperforms both the single and the multi - task model by a significant margin . table 1 shows the performance of the models in the single - task test compared to the multi task test .
2 shows the performance of word2vec embeddings on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model outperforms the state - of - art models on the micro f1 score by a margin of 2 . 43 points .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . the best performing method is burstysimdater , which outperforms all previous methods .
3 : accuracy ( % ) comparisons of component models with and without attention . this results show the effectiveness of both word attention and graph attention for this task . as shown in table 3 , the accuracy of word attention is comparable to that of graph attention .
results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . the best performing model is the cnn model , which outperforms both the original and the original models by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 1 . cross - event method outperforms all the other methods in terms of identification and classification . in addition , cross - event methods outperform all other methods except for trigger , which shows the importance of classification .
results are presented in table 1 . all models are shown in bold . all models outperform all the models except for those that do not use the word embeddings . in addition , all models perform better on the test set compared to the baseline .
4 shows the results on the dev set and train test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data .
5 shows the performance on the dev set compared to the monolingual set . the results are summarized in table 5 . the best performance is achieved on the test set , when the gold sentence is used as a gold sentence in the standard set . the best performing model is fine - tuned - disc .
shown in table 7 , type - aggregated gaze features trained on all three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset . the precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f ) are significantly improved compared to type combined gaze features .
5 shows the precision ( p ) , recall ( f1 ) and f1 scores for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset .
results are shown in table 1 . syntactic - sg embeddings are used in wordnet , verbnet and wordnet 3 . 1 , respectively . the syntactic embedding of glove vectors is derived from the original paper , and it uses syntactic skipgram embedding to embed the synset embedding into wordnet . as expected , the syntactic transferdings obtained by embedding the semantic embedding are not used in verbnet , however , they can be used in wordnet .
2 presents the results of the rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . the results are presented in table 2 .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
2 shows the results of combining subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) . the results are presented in table 2 . subsfull embeddings outperform the domain tuning in terms of bleu % .
shown in table 1 , subs1m outperforms all the other models in terms of domain - tuned performance . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . in the en - de dataset , the models outperform all the models except for the ones that do not have domain tuned performance .
4 shows the bleu scores in terms of automatic image captions compared to multi30k captions . the results are summarized in table 4 . the best ones are shown in bold .
5 compares the performance of different strategies for integrating visual information ( bleu % scores ) . the best performing strategies are enc - gate and dec - gate , which are used to encode visual information . the results are summarized in table 5 . the best performance is achieved using transformer , multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , and detectron mask surface , respectively . in addition , the best performing embeddings are dec - gated and enc - de .
3 shows the performance of subs3m and subs6m in terms of text - only and multi - lingual embeddings . the results are shown in table 3 . in the en - de dataset , the text - of - 3 model outperforms all the other models except for the one that includes the word - based features . also , the performance is comparable with the one of the other three models in the ende dataset . sub - text - only models outperform all the others in both terms of performance .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that en - fr - trans - ff has the best performance compared to en - es - rnn - ff on mtld . in addition , it has the highest performance on the mtld test set .
results are shown in table 1 . the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used is shown in bold .
2 shows the results of training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data .
5 presents the results of automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) for the rev systems . the results are presented in table 5 . the system reference scores are shown in bold , indicating that the system reference is accurate .
shown in table 2 , the vgs model outperforms all the other models on flickr8k . the results are shown in bold in the table 2 .
results are shown in table 1 . the embeddings in the image are presented in the row labeled " vgs " and " rsaimage " in the second row . as shown in fig . 1 , we can see that the embedding model performs well on synthetically spoken languages .
shown in table 1 , we show the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . for example , cnn turns in a < u > screenplay that shows the edges at the edges ; it ’ s so clever you want to hate it . dan < c > shows the difference in the edges between the original and the original .
2 presents the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are presented in table 2 . the average number of words in each sentence is 69 . 0 % compared to 69 . 5 % in the original sentence . the percentage of words that have increased or stayed the same are shown in the table 2 .
3 shows the change in sentiment in sst - 2 compared to the original sentence . the results are shown in table 3 . negative labels are flipped to positive and vice versa . positive labels are also flipped to negative .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are summarized in table 1 . in general , the results are positive and negative , respectively . as expected , these results are significantly better than those obtained in the previous study . however , the performance is still significantly worse than the previous state - of - the - art model . table 2 shows the performance of the two models in relation to each other .
