2 shows the performance of our recursive framework on the large movie review dataset compared to our iterative approach . we use the recur and iterative approaches , respectively , to train the treelstm model .
results in table 1 show that the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput thanks to the high degree of parallelization . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset when the batch size increases from 1 to 25 .
2 shows the performance for each model with different number of parameters . the max pooling strategy consistently performs better in all model variations than softplus model , confirming the value of concatenated word embeddings . as expected , the hgnll08 model has the worst performance in all three scenarios . hgnl08 has the best performance with different parameters .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . with sdp as dependency path , our model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp and the best diff . with pdp . adding sdp also improves the f1 by 21 . 11 points .
results are shown in table 3 . y - 3 shows that the average f1 score increases with the growth of word embeddings .
results are presented in table 3 . the first set of results show that mst - parser has achieved the best results on paragraph level . the second set shows that the quality of the word embeddings is relatively high , with 50 % participation . the third set shows the average number of entries per category .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems ; the lstm - parser and the paragraph system . note that the mean performances for both systems are lower than the majority performances over the runs given in table 2 .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . the original and the original results are presented in bold . our system performs better than the original on all test sets except for the one in which it is tested . the results are summarized in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows the results for each system . the best performing model is sc - lstm , which is trained on a single dataset .
results for the original e2e data and our cleaned version are shown in table 1 . the original and the cleaned versions have the highest number of errors as measured by the number of mrs in our slot matching script , see section 3 . we also have a significant drop in the percentage of errors in our data compared to the original .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . original and original results are presented in bold . original results show that the tgen + model performs better than the original on all test sets . however , the accuracy remains the same on all tests except for those using the sc - lstm embeddings .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . we found a total absolute number of errors ( 62 % ) and a slight amount of disfluency ( 14 % ) . we also found a significant percentage of errors in the training data , which we labeled as " micro - errors " .
3 shows the performance of our dcgcn model on the external and external datasets compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . the first set of models performs better than all the other models except for seq2seqk .
2 shows the results on amr17 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points on average compared to the ensemble model of seq2seqb ( beck et al . , 2018 ) . the model size in terms of parameters is relatively small , however it achieves a significant improvement over the ensemble models . the results are summarized in table 2 .
models trained on bow + gcn ( bastings et al . , 2017 ) and published in english - czech , the results of these models are reported in table 3 . the results of our model are presented in tables 3 and 4 . our model outperforms the best previous models in terms of both english - language and german ,
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the quality of the output signal . we observe that for every layer that has a positive effect , there is a negative effect on the output quality .
6 shows the performance of our models with residual connections . rc + la ( 2 ) and dcgcn4 ( 6 ) show significant performance improvement . with residual connections , gcn models perform better than other models with comparable performance .
model 3 shows that dcgcn has the best performance on both datasets when it comes to pre - trained models . the results are summarized in table 3 .
8 shows the ablation study results on the dev set of amr15 . it can be seen that the dense blocks have a significant impact on the model performance , as shown in fig . 8 .
9 shows the ablation study results for the different types of graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the best performing model is the dcgcn4 , which exhibits a remarkably similar level of co - ordination across all nodes .
7 shows the results for each initialization strategy on probing tasks . our paper shows that our method obtains the best performance with a gap of 2 . 5 points in precision between the two initialization strategies .
1 shows the results of our method on the subtraction test set . our approach obtains the best performance on every metric with a gap of 2 . 5 points in precision from our last submission . our method obtains a better performance on all metrics with a drop of 1 . 4 points from our submission .
subj and sst5 perform better than all the other methods except for cmp . cbow performs better than both sst2 and mpqa . subj models outperform both the hybrid and hybrid models in terms of mrpc score , however it is inferior in both cases . subj models perform better on both mrpc and sick - e datasets .
results on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models are shown in table 3 . hybrid models outperform both cbow and cmp . cbow on almost all downstream tasks , with the exception of sts15 .
8 shows the results for all initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our paper shows that the best performing model is sst2 , which improves upon the performance of sst3 by 3 . 8 points .
6 shows the performance for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . our cmow - c model outperforms the cbow - r model on all three tasks except sts13 .
results in table 3 show that cbow - c has the best performance on both subsjnum and subjnum metrics . it obtains a significant improvement over the previous state of the art cmow - r model in both depth and subtraction . however , it has the worse performance on the subtraction metric , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing source and target vectors .
subj and sst5 perform better than all the other methods except for the cbow - r model , which performs better on the mrpc test set . cbow improves upon both sst2 and mpqa by 3 . 8 points in mrpc score .
results in table 3 show that our system obtains the best e + and per scores . our model achieves the best results with a minimum of 50 % org and 35 % per score . we also observe that our model obtains better interpretability results when trained with the correct combination of all the parameters .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our system outperforms all the models with 95 % confidence intervals in e + p and f1 score . our model achieves the best results with a performance of 37 . 42 % , which shows the effectiveness of supervised learning . we observe that the model trained on the training data is more accurate than the original model .
6 shows the entailment numbers for all models that ref and ref tested on the same dataset . ref significantly outperforms gen on all metrics except ref , while ref performs better on the g2s - gat dataset .
results are shown in table 3 . the models trained on the ldc2017t10 outperform the best stateof - the - art models on all metrics except for the number of frames in the 10th .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . our model outperforms all the models except for konstas et al . ( 2017 ) by a noticeable margin .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . the results show that bilstm significantly improves the model ' s performance when combined with a stronger lemma baseline .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that g2s - gin has the best overall performance on average compared to other models that use word embeddings . graph diameter and sentence length are reported in tables 1 and 2 , respectively . the average number of frames taken to compute the sentence length is 5 . 7 , while the average length is 6 . 5 .
8 shows the fraction of the elements in the output that are not present in the input graph that are missing in the generated sentence ( g2s - gin ) . it can be seen that these models use token lemmas to derive tokens from the reference sentences .
4 shows the performance of our model with different target languages extracted from the 4th nmt encoding layer . our model obtains the best performance with 96 % accuracy on a single parallel corpus .
2 shows the pos and sem accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . mft : most frequent tag ; word2tag : the most frequent encoder - decoder - based classifier . sem : the second most frequently tagged word embeddings .
results reported in table 3 show that our method significantly outperforms the competition in terms of accuracy . our proposed method improves upon the performance of both fr and en by 3 . 8 points on average .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages . our model achieves an absolute 94 . 9 % accuracy over all four layers .
performance on different datasets is shown in table 8 . the average age of the attacker is 9 . 7 and gender is 14 . 3 respectively compared to the corresponding adversary ’ s age of 18 .
results in table 1 show that training directly towards a single task can improve the performance for all participants .
2 shows the status of theected attribute leakage in the multi - task conversation . it can be seen that there is a significant imbalance in the balanced and unbalanced data splits . dial models tend to have a better handle on these data , but it is harder to detect instances of misclassification . sentiment and gender are particularly difficult to detect , as it tends to have more gender - neutral features .
performance on different datasets with an adversarial training set is shown in table 3 . the average age of the participants is 72 . 5 and the corresponding adversary is 58 . 5 . sentiment is the difference between the rate at which an attacker is able to identify a target and its ability to identify that target . gender is the most important factor in predicting an attacker ’ s performance .
6 shows the performance of the embeddings for different encoders . embedding leaky is easier for rnn to do than it is for embedded leaky .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models with a large number of parameters . we observe that our model performs better on both the static and finetune datasets than on the dynamic datasets . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 5 points on the ptb + finetune dataset . finally , it improves on the softmax baseline by 2 . 3 points . the results are summarized in table 2 .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous models . we report the average time taken to train our model , and the average number of iterations taken to compile our model . the results are shown in table 3 . our model is significantly faster than the previous models in terms of training time . it is clear from table 3 that our model is able to do a lot more than the original lstm model .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models with a large margin . the results are summarized in tables 1 and 2 . we observe that our model performs better than both the original model ( lstm ) and the yelppolar time model by a significant margin .
3 shows the bleu score on the wmt14 english - german translation task . our model improves upon the state - of - the - art gru model by 3 . 5 points in decoding one sentence , compared to 1 . 15 points on the previous best2014 model .
4 shows the performance of our model on squad dataset . we report the model number with respect to parameter number and model number . it can be seen that our model performs better than other models using only one parameter , namely , the number of parameters . our model obtains a better match / f1 score than the other models .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . it can be seen that the lstm model has significantly better performance than the other models in the task .
results in table 7 show that our model can handle both the base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting . it can be observed that both models can handle the task with a reasonable margin .
3 shows the results for human and system retrieval . we use word embeddings ( mtr ) and word2vec for both systems . the system is trained on word2vec with a minimum of 5 words for each system . word3vec is used for both system and multi - task learning . as the results show , the system is significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art on all three systems .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 8 . the best performing system is seq2seq , which performs well on all metrics .
results are presented in table 3 . our proposed model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we tested , namely , europarl . our model performs better than both df and docsub on all three datasets , however it is slightly worse than our model .
results are shown in table 3 . our proposed model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we tested , namely , europarl . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 . our model performs on par with the best performing df model on every metric except tf - trans , docsub and docsub datasets .
results are presented in table 3 . our proposed model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we tested , namely , europarl . our model performs better than both df and docsub on all three datasets , with the exception of docsub .
3 shows the performance of our model on the metric with respect to depth . our model has the best performance on both metric with a maximum depth of 1 . 78 and a maxdepth of 3 . 05 . we observe that our model is better than both the original dsim and docsub embeddings . the difference between our model and the original is minimal , but we observe that it has the advantage of having a greater number of iterations .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous best state - of - the - art systems . our model has the best overall performance on both metric metrics , with a gap of 1 . 5 points between the official score and our maxdepth estimate . we also observe that our model has better depthcohesion than our baseline , which shows that our approach has a better understanding of the macro - level .
performance ( ndcg % ) comparison for the experiments of applying our principles on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf is the enhanced version of the original visdial model . the results are shown in table 1 . the performance of qt , r1 , r2 , r3 denote regressive loss , weighted softmax loss , and generalized ranking loss , respectively . it is clear from table 1 that the enhanced variant of our model suffers from a high level of performance .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on the visdial v1 . 0 validation set . the best performing model is lf , while the worst performing one is coatt .
5 compares the bert scores on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 . the hmd - f1 model outperforms both soft and hard alignments with a significant margin .
3 presents the results on the direct assessment and bertscore - f1 scores for each setting . the results summarized in table 3 show that our approach significantly improves the results for both sets . our approach significantly outperforms the baselines on both metrics , with the exception of ruse ( * ) achieving a higher score on both metric with a drop of 0 . 7 points .
3 presents the bagel and sfhotel scores according to the baselines . our proposed bertscore - f1 model improves upon the baseline by 0 . 5 points on the bleu - 1 test set , while meteor improves by 3 points .
3 presents the metric and baseline scores for each setting . the results are summarized in table 3 . the summaries displayed in bold indicate that the model performs better than the baselines on three of the four sets . leic scores are relatively high , however , it appears to be closer to the upper end of the range when using bertscore - recall .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the m0 model performs better than the m1 model on all three datasets except for the one with the shen - 1 embeddings . this suggests that m0 models are more effective at boosting performance than those without .
results are presented in table 3 . we present the results of our model with a final transfer quality score . the results are summarized in tables 3 and 4 . semantic preservation and semantic preservation are the most important aspects of semantic preservation . the results show that the semantic preservation features are crucial for semantic preservation , and that semantic preservation has a high correlation with semantic preservation ( e . g . , semantic preservation ) . the transfer quality scores obtained by our model are significantly better than those obtained by the other two methods . syntactic preservation is key to semantic preservation and transfer quality , improving the results for both scenarios .
5 shows the results of human validation on the yelp and sim datasets . the results are summarized in table 5 . it can be seen that both the quality of the sentence and the number of errors in the sentence are statistically significant , which indicates that the model performs well on both datasets .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the m0 + para + lang model outperforms all the other models except for m3 , which shows the diminishing returns from using word embeddings . further , we observe that for all models , the shen - 1 model performs better than the others .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu and the highest acc ∗ score over all classifiers except for the simple - transfer model . we also found that the use of multi - decoder improves the model ' s interpretability by a significant margin . adding a classifier like delete / retrieve improves interpretability , but does not improve sentence prediction . finally , the loss of sentiment embedding reduces interpretability .
2 shows the number of tokens that were correctly predicted as disfluencies . reparandum length is reported in tables 2 and 3 . the average number of repetition tokens per reparandum is 3 . 5 , however , it is more than 5 .
3 shows the percentage of tokens correctly predicted to contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( table 3 ) . the fraction of tokens that contain a word is in parentheses indicating that the word is contained in the reparandum , but is not in the repair . as shown in table 3 , the number of tokens predicted to be disfluent is in the range of 1 - 2 .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the best performing model is the single model with text + innovations as the most important part of the model . text + innovations have the greatest effect on model performance , however , it is difficult to predict whether the model will perform well in the future . in general terms , the model has the best performance when text is combined with innovations .
2 compares our model with state - of - the - art algorithms on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model achieves the best performance with a reasonable level of accuracy and a low correlation with the micro f1 score .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . the best performing model is burstysimdater , which significantly outperforms all previous models .
3 shows the performance of our method with and without attention . it shows the effectiveness of both word attention and graph attention for this task . accuracy ( % ) shows that neuraldater performs better than the other two methods .
3 shows the performance of our model in each stage . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that performs the best on the validation set . we observe that our model performs better on validation set than any other model we have tested .
3 shows the results of our method for cross - event identification . all the methods trained on this data are described in table 3 . in all but one case , the method is able to identify all the stages of the event with a single argument . the method is trained on a single domain , with the exception of one case in which the object was not detected .
results are shown in table 3 . all models trained on the original spanish - only - lm embeddings outperform all the other models except for the one that relies on fine - tuning . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . all except for those that rely on syntactic or semantic information .
results on the dev set and on the test set are shown in table 4 . fine - tuning reduces the training time to 25 % and 50 % train dev , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art model .
5 shows the performance on the dev and test set compared to the monolingual model . fine - tuned - disc achieves the best performance on both sets , while fine - tuned - lm achieves the worst performance .
results in table 7 show that type - aggregated gaze features significantly improve recall for the three eye - tracking datasets , as measured by f1 - score .
5 shows the precision and f1 scores for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p < 0 . 001 ) and recall ( p ≤ 0 . 01 ) are statistically significant improvements over the previous stateof - the - art model , which relies on the dependency extraction method .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set . we use glove - retro embeddings for wordnet and wordnet 3 . 1 , and it uses syntactic skipgram as the base layer . the results on this test set are shown in table 1 . syntactic - sg embedding is the most important part of wordnet ' s semantic - sg network design . it is used in combination with skip - gram embedding . wordnet has the best performance on this data set , with a boost of 4 . 6 % over the previous state of the art .
results from the rbg dependency parser are shown in table 2 . the system comes from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . oracle pp pre - trained rbg with full uas capability and full ppa capability . the results from table 2 show that oracle pp has a significant impact on the model ' s performance .
3 : effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . the effect of removing context sensitivity is shown in table 3 .
2 : adding subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( marian amun et al . , 2018 ) . the results are summarized in table 2 . subdomain - tuned multi30k embeddings have a generally positive effect ( bleu % scores ) compared to multi - decoder decoding , which has a negative effect ( table 2 ) .
results are shown in table 4 . the subs1m model outperforms all the other models with domain - tuned models except for those using mscoco17 embeddings . table 4 shows the results for the en - de model , with the exception of flickr16 , where the model has been trained with domain tuned data . subdomain - tuning improves results for all models with a gap of 2 . 5 points in performance between the last published results .
4 shows the bleu scores of the models using automatic captions . the results are summarized in table 4 . the model using the best multi30k model outperforms the model using only one or all 5 captions , as the results show , the combination of concatenated captions leads to better image captions performance .
5 shows the performance of our approach with respect to decoding visual information . we use transformer , multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , detectron mask surface and enc - gate decoding . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that the enc - gated approach outperforms the dec - gate approach on both datasets .
3 shows the performance of subs3m on the en - de dataset compared to subs6m in terms of multi - lingual features . the results are summarized in table 4 . sub - text - only models outperform all the other models except for those using text - based embeddings . adding text features improves the performance for all models , however , the performance remains the same for subs4m .
results reported in table 3 show that our proposed system outperforms the best previous approaches on mtld and en - fr - phrased word embeddings . table 3 shows the results for each metric with respect to translation quality . we observe that the proposed system significantly improves translation quality across all three metrics .
results in table 1 show that the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for each language is significantly higher than the number in the training splits .
2 : training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data used for our models . the results are shown in table 2 .
5 shows the bleu scores for the rev systems . automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) and ter scores show that the model performs better than the previous stateof - the - art systems .
results on flickr8k are shown in table 2 . our model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 2 recall and a 0 . 0 recall .
results on synthetically spoken coco are shown in table 1 . the model trained on the embeddings of chrupala2017representations is shown in bold . the average error is 0 . 5 % on average compared to the previous state of the art model .
1 shows the results for each classifier compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , dan turns in a < u > screenplay that shows the edges at the edges ; it ’ s so clever you want to hate it . rnn shows similar results . for cnn , it shows that the edges edges of a screenplay are very clever . for rnn , we show the results of using the different classifiers . they show that if you want hate hate hate , you can use it as a verb .
2 shows the results for part - of - speech ( pos ) changes in sst - 2 : , , and indicate that the number of occurrences have increased , decreased or stayed the same through fine - tuning respectively . these results are shown in table 2 . the number of words that have been added to the original sentence has increased by 2 . 5 percentage points since finetuning .
3 shows the sentiment change in sst - 2 from positive to negative . it can be seen that the flipped sentiment patterns are very similar across all three systems , with the exception of cnn .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are summarized in bold , indicating that our proposed method has a high impact on the quality of research . we strongly suspect that it has a negative effect on interpretability , hence leading to incorrect results . table 3 summarizes the results of our method with respect to interpretability . our proposed method improves interpretability and interpretability with a high degree of accuracy .
