results are presented in table 2 . our recursive approach performs the best on inference with efficient parallel execution of tree nodes , while our iterative approach performs best on training .
results are presented in table 1 . the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput compared to the balanced dataset , which exhibits the best performance compared to both linear and linear datasets .
table 2 shows the performance of the max pooling strategy for each model with different representation size . the maximum pooling approach achieves the best performance in all models with different representations . the best performance is achieved in all model variations .
3 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . the results are shown in table 1 . our method achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp and sdp . we observe that our method achieves a better f1 in 5fold without sdp than the previous method . in 5fold , we observe that sdp has a significant effect on f1 .
results are presented in table 1 . y - 3 outperforms y - 2 in terms of f1 , f1 and f1 . the results are shown in table 2 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of our test set are shown in table 2 . we observe that the results of the test set have a significant impact on the performance of the evaluation set . our test set has a significant effect on the accuracy of the results . our results show that our test sets have a large impact on performance . we also observe that our results are statistically significant in terms of accuracy .
results are shown in table 4 . the best performance for the two indicated systems is on the essay vs . paragraph level . the best performances are on the paragraph level , where the best performance is achieved on the sentence level .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the original and the original versions of sc - lstm are better than the original ones . we also observe that both the original and the original versions are more accurate than the original ones . the original and original versions are less accurate than those of the original .
results are presented in table 1 . the original e2e dataset has a significant number of distinct mrs compared to our cleaned version . our cleaned version has a slightly larger number of mrs than our original , but it still has a large margin over the original .
results are presented in table 1 . original and tgen models are shown in table 2 . original models outperform the original models in terms of accuracy and performance . the original model outperforms both the original and the tgen model in both cases . however , the original model is slightly better than the original , which is due to the fact that it can be used on both datasets .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . the results are shown in table 4 . the errors we found in the original tgen dataset are small , but large . we found that the errors we added to the original dataset were small and small . we also found slight disfluencies .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that our approach achieves the best performance on both the external and external datasets , with the exception of the external dataset .
results on amr17 are presented in table 2 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points in terms of parameters . we note that our model size is smaller than that of ggnn2seqb ( which achieves 28 . 3m bleus ) . we also note that the size of our ensemble model is larger than the ensemble model .
results are presented in table 1 . we show the results for english - german and english - czech in table 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both english - language and german - language performance .
table 5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the layers in dc . the effect of layers on performance is shown in table 5 . we observe that the layer size of the layer in dc has a significant effect on the overall performance of dc .
table 6 shows the performance of baselines on gcns with residual connections . the results are shown in table 6 . we observe that the baselines have a significant effect on gcn performance .
results are presented in table 2 . we observe that dcgcn ( 2 ) outperforms the other two models in terms of performance . the results are shown in table 3 . the average performance of the two models is significantly lower than the average performance for both .
table 8 shows the performance of amr15 on the dev set . we observe that the density of the dense blocks in the i - th block is significantly lower than the density in the dense block .
results are shown in table 9 . the graph encoder and the lstm decoder have the best performance on both datasets . the graph decoder has the highest performance on the two datasets , with the most improvement on the previous dataset .
results are shown in table 7 . we show that our approach achieves the best performance on probing tasks .
results are presented in table 1 . table 1 shows the results of our method in table 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . table 2 shows that our method achieves the best results in terms of accuracy .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that cbow / 784 outperforms both sst2 and sst5 in terms of performance . we also observe that both the mrpc and mpqa models outperform both the srpc and srpc models by a margin of 0 . 2 % and 0 . 3 % respectively .
results are presented in table 3 . our model achieves the best performance on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our model . we observe that cbow improves on both hybrid and hybrid models .
results are shown in table 8 . our model outperforms all the other approaches on supervised downstream tasks , except for sst2 and sst5 .
results are shown in table 6 . cmow - c performs better than cbow - r on the unsupervised downstream tasks . however , it does not achieve the best performance on the supervised downstream tasks ( see table 6 ) .
results are presented in table 1 . the results show that cbow - r outperforms somo - c in terms of depth and length . it also outperforms both somo and cmow - c when it comes to depth . however , it does not outperform somo in depth .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that cbow - r outperforms both sst2 and sst5 in terms of performance . the results are shown in table 2 . we also observe that both cbow and cbow have the best performance on both mrpc and mpqa . the best performance is on the mrpc test set , which has the best performing mrpc .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our system outperforms all the other systems in terms of e + org and e + per . we also observe that our system performs better than all other systems except for mil - nd , which performs worse than all the others . in table 1 , we observe that the system performs best in all cases , with the best performance in all but the most important cases .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our model achieves the best performance in all three settings . we observe that our model achieves a 95 % confidence interval over all the other models .
results are presented in table 6 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of entailment ( ent ) and ref ( ref ) . the results are shown in table 7 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in the ldc2017t10 and ldc2015e86 datasets in terms of performance .
results on ldc2015e86 test set are presented in table 3 . our model achieves the best performance when trained with additional gigaword data . we observe that our model achieves a better performance than our previous model .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are presented in table 4 . the ablation results are shown in the table 4 . we observe that bilstm has a significant impact on the performance of the model .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of terms of sentence length and sentence length . we observe that our model is significantly smaller than the average g2s - gin model . in particular , we observe that the average sentence length of the model is smaller than that of the average model .
results are shown in table 8 . our model outperforms all the reference sentences in the ldc2017t10 test set .
results are shown in table 4 . the best results are obtained from the 4th nmt layer , trained with different target languages on a smaller parallel corpus .
results are presented in table 2 . we observe that word embeddings have the highest accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . we also observe that word2tag has the best accuracy with the baselines .
results are presented in table 1 . the pos tagging accuracy scores are shown in table 2 . the accuracy scores are obtained by using the pos - tagging accuracy test set , which is used to compare the performance of the pos and pos - stagging accuracy sets . the results show that pos tagging accuracy outperforms both pos and s - sting accuracy in terms of accuracy .
results are presented in table 5 . the accuracy of the uni and res encoders on non - english target languages is comparable to that of the bi encoder . however , the difference in accuracy between the res encoder and the uni encoder is smaller .
results are shown in table 8 . the performance of the attacker on the training set is shown in the table 8 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in the table 1 . for pan16 and pan16 , we trained directly towards a single task .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the performance of pan16 and pan16 in the balanced and unbalanced task splits . we observe that pan16 outperforms pan16 on the balanced task splits , while pan16 performs worse on unbalanced tasks .
3 shows the performance of pan16 on different datasets with an adversarial training . the performance on pan16 is shown in table 3 . we observe that pan16 outperforms pan16 in terms of performance on both datasets .
6 shows the performance of the protected attribute with different encoders . the results are shown in table 6 . the performance of rnn and rnn is comparable to that of the rnn encoder . rnn performs better than rnn in both cases .
results are presented in table 1 . this model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that this model improves the performance of all the models by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 5 . this model outperforms all the other models in terms of time and performance . the results are shown in table 6 .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the performance of our model on the yelppolar time dataset in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in the table . the results are shown in table 3 . this model achieves the best performance on both the yahoo and yahoo time datasets .
3 shows the bleu score on wmt14 english - german translation task . our model achieves the best performance on all three tasks , with the exception of gru .
4 shows the performance of our model on the squad dataset . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of match / f1 - score . we also observe that our model performs better than all other models except sru and sru . the performance of sru is comparable to sru , which performs worse than sru in match / f1 score .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm scores are shown in table 6 . sru scores are reported in table 7 . gru score is reported to be significantly lower than sru score .
results are shown in table 7 . our model achieves the best performance on snli task with base setting and ptb task with ln setting .
results are presented in table 2 . the word - based system retrieval is the most effective system in the system . word - based systems retrieval outperforms human systems in terms of performance . in the case of human systems , it is the best system to use . we observe that human systems are more effective than human systems . as a result , human systems tend to outperform human systems when it comes to using the word word .
4 shows the results of human evaluation on grammaticality , appropriateness , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best performance among all systems is shown in table 4 . the best results are shown in bold .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our results show that our approach outperforms the other approaches in terms of performance . our approach achieves the best performance on both datasets . we also observe that our approaches outperform the approaches of the other two approaches .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our results show that our approach outperforms the other approaches in terms of performance . our approach achieves the best performance on both the df and df datasets .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the performance of our model is comparable to that of our previous model . our model outperforms both our previous models in terms of performance and performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . the results show that the numberroots are significantly better than those of the other metrics . we also observe that the results are comparable to those of other metrics , such as table 1 , table 2 and table 3 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . the results show that our approach achieves the best performance on both metric and metric metrics . the best performance is on the metric metric metric , which achieves the highest performance on metric metric . our approach achieves a better performance than the other metrics , which achieve the best results .
results are presented in table 1 . lf is the enhanced version of visdial v1 . 0 . it achieves the best performance on the validation set . the performance of lf is comparable to the original visdial .
results are presented in table 2 . the best performing ablative studies on the visdial v1 . 0 validation set are shown in table 1 . p2 is implemented by the implementations in section 5 with the history shortcut . we observe that p2 improves the performance of both the baseline and the baseline .
5 shows the performance of hmd - prec on hard alignments compared to soft alignments .
results are presented in table 1 . the baselines are shown in table 2 . metrics are used to compare the performance of the baselines with those of the other baselines . we observe that baselines have a significant effect on the accuracy of baselines , which is shown in fig . 2 . we observe a significant difference between baselines and baselines in terms of performance . for example , baselines can be seen in table 3 .
results are presented in table 1 . the bleu - 1 model outperforms all the other baselines in terms of bertscore - f1 and sfhotel - 2 by a significant margin . the baselines are shown in table 2 .
results are presented in table 2 . the baselines are shown in table 1 . we observe that the baselines do not have a significant effect on the performance of the models . our model achieves the best performance on both metrics , with the exception of w2v , where it achieves the worst performance . however , we observe that our model achieves a better performance on all metrics .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . m1 and m2 outperform all the other models in terms of performance . in particular , m1 outperforms all other models except for m2 , which outperforms m2 and m3 .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the performance of the models in table 1 . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of transfer quality and transfer quality . in table 1 , we show that the results of our model outperform those of the previous models .
5 shows the results of human sentence - level validation . the results are shown in table 5 . the results of the human sentence level validation are comparable to those of the machine and human sentences . we observe that the human sentences are more accurate than the machine sentences .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . m0 and m2 are the best in terms of performance . we observe that the performance of m0 is comparable to that of m2 , but the performance is lower for m2 .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu than the best model , yang2018unsupervised . we also observe that our best model performs significantly worse than our best models , which is due to the different classifiers in use . the best models perform significantly worse in the classifiers , but the best ones perform much worse .
2 shows the percentage of disfluencies that were correctly predicted as disfluent . reparandum length is shown in table 2 . the number of repetition tokens that are correctly predicted to be disfluent is reported as 0 . 99 .
3 shows the relative frequency of disfluent rephrases correctly predicted as disfluencies in the reparandum and repair ( content - content ) . table 3 shows that the disfluency predicted in both cases is less pronounced than in both instances .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms most of the other models in terms of dev mean and innovations mean . we observe that our model achieves the best dev mean of all the models . in particular , we observe that the results of our model outperform all other models .
2 shows the performance of word2vec embedding on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model achieves the best performance with the state - of - art word embeddings .
results are presented in table 2 . our unified model outperforms all previous methods on the apw dataset .
results are presented in table 3 . the accuracy of word attention and graph attention is comparable to that of the word attention task .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of performance . however , the performance of our model is not comparable to the state of the art models .
results are presented in table 1 . we show the results of our method in table 2 . our method outperforms all the other methods in terms of identification and classification . the results are shown in table 3 . in table 1 , we show that our method outperform all other methods except for trigger .
results are presented in table 1 . all but the spanish - only - lm models are shown in table 2 . all but one of these models outperform all the other models in terms of performance .
results on the dev set and on the test set are shown in table 4 . in general , the performance of the train dev set is comparable to that of the full train test set .
5 shows the performance on the dev set compared to the monolingual set on the test set . the best performance is achieved on both dev set and test set , with the exception of the gold sentence .
results are shown in table 7 . precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f ) for the three eye - tracking datasets tested on the conll - 2003 dataset are statistically significant improvements over the baseline ( table 6 ) .
5 presents the results of the conll - 2003 dataset . the results are presented in table 5 . precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f1 ) are statistically significant improvements over the baseline ( table 4 ) .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are presented in table 1 . we observe that the glove - retro embeddings have a significant impact on the performance of wordnet and verbnet .
results from rbg dependency parser are presented in table 2 . we observe that the system performs better than other pp attachment predictors in terms of ppa accuracy .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
results are presented in table 2 . we observe that domain tuning improves the image caption translation performance by 3 . 5 % over domain tuning .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the subs1m model outperforms the subs2m model in terms of performance . the results are shown in table 2 . subdomain - tuned models outperform subdomain tuned models in the performance of subdomain tuning models . our results show that subdomain tuners outperform domain tuning models in performance .
4 shows the bleu scores of the automatic image captions with marian amun . the results are shown in table 4 . the best automatic captions are the ones with the best performance .
results are presented in table 5 . we compare the performance of the two strategies for integrating visual information . our approach achieves the best performance on the en - de dataset . the best performance is achieved by using the multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm model , which achieves a bleu % score of 37 . 86 . in addition , we observe that the enc - gate and dec - gate model outperform the other two approaches , which achieve the highest performance .
results are presented in table 2 . we observe that subs3m and subs6m have the best performance on the en - de test set . the performance of subs3ms is comparable to the performance of the multi - lingual test set , but the performance is slightly worse on the text - only test set ( table 2 ) . we note that the performance improvement is due to the large number of features that can be used in the text only test set and the small number of feature sets that are used in both sets .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that en - fr - rnn - ff has the best performance on mtld compared to en - es - ht . the results are shown in table 2 . in table 1 , we observe the performance of en - fl - ff on the mtld dataset .
results are shown in table 1 . the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
results are presented in table 2 . our model trained the english , french and spanish vocabularies for our models .
5 shows the performance of the rev systems on the bleu and ter scores . the results are shown in table 5 . we observe that the system performance is comparable to that of the original rev system , with the exception of en - fr - rnn - rev .
results on flickr8k are presented in table 2 . we observe that the vgs model outperforms segmatch and segmatch in terms of performance . we also observe that segmatch outperforms the segmatch model by 0 . 2 points .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in the table 1 . we observe that our approach achieves the best performance on both datasets . we also observe that the performance of our approach is comparable to that of segmatch and segmatch .
3 shows the results of the different classifiers on sst - 2 . we report the results in table 1 . for example , we observe that cnn turns on a on ( in the the edges ) . this shows that the edges of the screenplay are very clever . we also observe that rnn turns on an on ( in the edges ) , which shows that it is very clever to hate it .
table 2 shows the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the number of words in the original sentence has increased , decreased or stayed the same through fine tuning . we also observe that it is possible to improve the quality of the sentence by improving the accuracy of the word .
3 shows the effect of positive and negative labels on the sentiment score of sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . positive labels are flipped to negative labels . negative labels are also flipped to positive labels .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in table 2 . we observe that the performance of sift is similar to that of pubmed and pubmed in terms of the quality of the results . we also observe that sift performs better on pubmed than pubmed .
