2 shows the performance of our recursive framework on the large movie review dataset compared to our iterative approach , which shows better performance on training .
shown in table 1 , the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput thanks to the high degree of parallelization . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset when the batch size increases to 25 .
2 shows the performance of each model with different representation . the performance of conll08 and softplus is shown in table 2 . the average number of parameters in each model is significantly higher than the average number in all model variations . moreover , the clustering performance is significantly worse than the filtering performance of sigmoid . softplus performs better in all models with different iterations of the model .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . our model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp and the best diff . on the macro - averaged model . the results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 and diff .
3 shows the performance of the y - 3 model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of f1 and average ranking .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the mst - parser dataset . the results are presented in table 3 . our model achieves the best performance on all metrics with a minimum of 50 % of the time compared to the previous state of the art model .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems ; for the lstm - parser , it is 60 . 62 ± 3 . 54 and 69 . 24 ± 2 . 87 , respectively , compared to the majority performances of the other systems .
shown in table 1 , we show the performance of our system on the original and the wrong variants . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the best performing system is the sc - lstm model , which has the best performance on both variants .
results for the original e2e dataset are shown in table 1 . the number of distinct mrs , total number of textual references , and the number of slot matching scripts as measured by our data statistics , see section 3 . overall , the original and the cleaned versions have a slightly worse performance than the original , with a slight improvement over the original .
results are shown in table 1 . original and original test results are presented in bold . the best performing system is sc - lstm , which has the best performance on the bleu test set . the worst performance is on the cider test set , where the accuracy drops significantly .
results of manual error analysis on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set are shown in table 4 . we found a total absolute number of errors ( 17 ) and a slight disfluency ( 14 ) in the training data . the percentage of errors we found was significantly higher than the percentage we found in the original set ( 14 % ) .
model performance on the external and external datasets is reported in table 1 . the best performing dcgcn models are tree2str and snrg ( song et al . , 2016 ) . however , for the single dataset , all models perform significantly worse than the other models in terms of performance on both datasets .
2 shows the results of our model on amr17 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points , which is slightly better than the state - of - the - art model .
3 shows the results for english - german and english - czech . our model outperforms the previous best - performing models in both languages . the results are summarized in table 3 . we show the results of our model in english - language and german - language , respectively , compared to previous work on the topic . our model shows a significant drop in performance between single and multi - language models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models , however , this drop is not statistically significant .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the model . we observe that for all layers , there is a significant drop in performance compared to the previous state of the art model .
6 shows the performance of different gcns with residual connections . rc denotes gcns that have residual connections with multiple baselines . as table 6 shows , the average performance of all gcns is significantly lower than those without residual connections , further , the performance drops significantly when gcn is considered as a standalone entity . we observe that the performance drop significantly when using residual connections as a baseline .
model 3 shows the performance of the dcgcn models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 3 .
8 shows the ablation study results on the dev set of amr15 . it can be seen that the dense blocks in the i - th block have a significant impact on the model performance , as shown in table 8 .
show the ablation study results for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are shown in table 9 . encoder and decoder modules have the highest coverage , with a gap of 22 . 9 % in performance compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . multi - decoder and decoder modules have the worst coverage ,
7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . our model outperforms all the other approaches in terms of depth , span , and precision .
3 shows the performance of our system in terms of depth and subtraction . our system outperforms all the other methods except for h - cbow and h - cmow . the results are summarized in table 3 .
3 shows the performance of all models except for those using subj and mpqa . our model outperforms all the other methods except for sst2 and sst5 , which shows a slight improvement in performance over the previous state of the art model .
3 shows the performance of our models on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . the results are shown in table 3 . hybrid shows the relative change with respect to cmp . cbow shows a significant performance drop . when using cmp , the model shows a slight improvement over the baseline performance . however , when using hybrid , the performance remains the same .
8 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models except for sst2 and sst5 . the results are summarized in table 8 .
6 shows the performance for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . cmow - c shows lower performance than cbow - r on the supervised downstream tasks , which shows the diminishing returns of supervised tasks .
shown in table 1 , we observe that the cbow - r model outperforms all the other models in terms of depth and subtraction . however , it does not achieve the best performance on all metrics .
3 shows the performance of our model on subj and mpqa datasets . our model outperforms all the other methods except for sst2 , sst5 and sst - b .
3 shows the performance of our system in [ italic ] e + and e + metrics . our system outperforms all the other systems except for the one that does not have the best org score . the results are summarized in table 3 . all org scores indicate that the system performs well in all scenarios , with the exception of the one in which it does not do well in the most difficult cases . we observe that all the systems with the best performance have some variation in performance across all metrics , with a slight drop in performance between the systems .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . name matching improves the performance for all models . supervised learning improves the e + p scores by 2 . 5 points over the previous state - of - the - art model . it also boosts the f1 scores by 3 . 3 points . moreover , it improves the general performance of the system in all scenarios .
6 shows the results of our model on the entailment ( ent ) metric compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 6 . the model outperforms all the other models except for those that do not have ref features .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that most models outperform the best stateof - the - art models on all metrics , with the exception of g2s - gat achieving the best performance on both metrics .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in both external and external settings .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . the results show that bilstm significantly improves the performance of the model compared to the baseline model .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that for all models , the average number of frames per sentence is significantly larger than those of g2s - gin , indicating that the model is more suitable for the task at hand . in particular , we observe that the average length of sentences is significantly longer than those on g2s - gnn , indicating the model performs well in the task context . the results are summarized in table 5 .
8 shows the fraction of elements in the output that are not present in the input graph that are missing in the generated sentence ( g2s - ggnn ) . it is clear from table 8 that the g2s model is better than the other models in that the fraction of elements that are in the inputs is much smaller .
4 shows the performance of the 4th nmt layer trained with different target languages on a smaller corpus ( 200k sentences ) .
2 shows the performance of mft and word2tag with baselines and an upper bound . the results are shown in table 2 . it can be seen that both embeddings have a significant impact on the model ' s performance .
5 shows the performance of all the models on the test set . our results are presented in table 5 . the results are summarized in terms of accuracy , completeness , and performance on each metric . we observe that the accuracy obtained by all models is comparable across all metrics , with the exception of the one that is significantly better than the others .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages .
performance on different datasets is shown in table 8 . the average age of the attacker is 9 . 7 % compared to the corresponding adversary ’ s age , gender , and age .
1 shows the performance of our system when training directly towards a single task . our model outperforms pan16 and pan16 in all but one of the cases .
2 shows the performance of the classifiers in the context of balanced and unbalanced data splits . it can be seen that the classifier ( pan16 ) has the least effect on the performance , with the exception of gender . the classifiers ( mention , sentiment , gender ) and gender have the highest percentage of instances of imbalance in the dataset .
performance on different datasets with an adversarial training is shown in table 3 . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is statistically significant . in pan16 , the average age of the participants is 72 . 5 % and gender is 58 . 5 % . the performance on the different datasets is also statistically significant , with a drop of 3 . 9 % in performance from pan16 .
6 shows the performance of the embeddings for different encoders . embedding leaky gets worse performance than embedded rnn ,
3 shows the performance of our model with respect to finetuning . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both feature - level and finetune . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 50 % performance improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model . however , it is unable to achieve the best results with a significant performance drop . finally , we observe that the performance drop between this model and other models is due to the large variation in performance between the two models .
5 shows the performance of our model compared to previous work on the same dataset . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that our model has the best performance on both datasets . it also outperforms all the other models in terms of training time , with the exception of the lstm model , which has the worst performance on all datasets .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous work on multiple datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both average and average time . we observe that our model performs better on both datasets , with a slight improvement in average time compared to the previous work model .
3 shows the bleu score on wmt14 english - german translation task . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of decoding one sentence . it also outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in german translation task by a significant margin .
4 shows the performance of our model with respect to match / f1 score on squad dataset . it can be seen that our model significantly outperforms other models in terms of parameter number and f1 score by a large margin .
6 shows the f1 score of our model on conll - 2003 english ner task . the lstm * model shows the performance improvement over the sru model . it also outperforms lrn and lrn in the english task .
performance on snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with the base setting setting .
performance of all systems is reported in table 4 . we use word embeddings ( mtr ) w / system retrieval and word2vec all systems trained on the human dataset are significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art systems in terms of system evaluation . the performance of both systems is comparable across all systems , with the exception of the system evaluation performed on the human dataset .
4 shows the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best performance among all systems is reported in table 4 .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the same dataset . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance on all metrics except for the key metrics .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the same dataset . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance on both datasets , with the exception of df .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the same dataset . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance on both datasets , with the exception of df .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model achieves the best performance on both metric metrics , with a gap of 1 . 78 points in the metric metric compared to 10 . 46 points for the other two systems .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model achieves the best performance on both metric metrics , with an absolute improvement of 2 . 29 points over the baseline . our joint model achieves a better performance on all metric metrics with a marginal drop of 1 point .
performance ( ndcg % ) comparison for the experiments of applying our system on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf is the enhanced version of the original visdial model , and r1 , r2 , r3 denote regressive loss and weighted softmax loss , respectively .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on different sets of visdial v1 . 0 validation set . the best performing model is lrv , which relies on hidden dictionary learning .
5 shows the performance of our models on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 .
3 shows the performance of our models on the direct assessment and eureor datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our model significantly outperforms the baselines on both datasets , with the exception of ruse , which significantly improves the performance on the euroor dataset . the results of our model are slightly worse than those on the lemma dataset .
3 shows the performance of our models on the bagel and sfhotel datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the bertscore - f1 score significantly outperforms all the baseline metrics in terms of performance on both datasets .
performance of the models is reported in table 3 . the results are summarized in terms of leic scores and bertscore - recall scores . we observe that the performance of all models is consistent across all metrics , with the exception of wmd - 1 , where the average score is slightly higher than the leic score .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on sim and pp . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m2 model in terms of performance on both datasets , with the exception of the shen - 1 dataset .
results are shown in table 4 . semantic preservation and transfer quality are the most important aspects of semantic preservation . the results are summarized in terms of the transfer quality scores for all models , with a drop of 0 . 9 points in performance for each model compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . syntactic preservation and semantic preservation are the key aspects for semantic preservation , while semantic preservation is the least important . we observe that the clustering performance of all the models is consistent across all regions , with the exception of the case of the semantic preservation dataset , where the semantic preservation scores are significantly lower than those of the other two systems . yelp , on the other hand , significantly outperforms all the other models except for m7 .
5 shows the results of human sentence - level validation on the yelp and lit . datasets . the results are summarized in table 5 . the results show that the human ratings of semantic preservation are significantly better than the machine ratings of fluency , indicating that the quality of the sentence is high enough for the machine to make accurate predictions .
5 shows the performance of the models trained on sim and pp . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m2 model in terms of performance on all metrics , with the exception of the shen - 1 metric .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves higher bleu than any prior work at similar levels of acc ∗ compared to the best model , yang2018unsupervised , and n - 1 , both for the same 1000 sentences and human references .
statistics for nested disfluencies are shown in table 2 . reparandum length is the average number of tokens that are correctly predicted to be disfluent . the number of repetition tokens is slightly higher than the number of errors predicted as disfluency .
3 shows the percentage of tokens correctly predicted to contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - function ) . the fraction of tokens that contain a word is lower than the fraction predicted as disfluent for the disfluencies that contain only one content word . as shown in table 3 , the proportion of tokens containing a single content word is slightly higher than the proportion predicted as containing a disfluency that contains only one word .
results are shown in table 4 . text + innovations model outperforms text + text model in terms of dev and test mean . the results show that text + innovations models have the best performance on the single and multi - factor tests , while the model with the best innovations model has the worst performance . table 4 shows the results for the single - factor test , with different features contributing to the model ' s performance .
performance on the fnc - 1 test dataset is shown in table 2 . our model achieves the best performance with the state - of - art algorithms on the two test datasets .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . the best performing model is burstysimdater .
3 shows the performance of our model with and without attention . it is clear from table 3 that neuraldater is able to distinguish between word attention and graph attention , which shows the effectiveness of both word attention .
performance of all models is shown in table 1 . embedding + t model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of cnn , which performs better in all scenarios .
3 shows the performance of our system in cross - event settings . all the methods used in the experiments are described in table 3 . in all but one case , the system is able to identify and classify multiple objects at once . cross - event performance is significantly better than the single event scenario , indicating that the system can handle multiple types of event .
can be seen in table 4 , all the models shown in this comparison have slightly better performance on the dev perp and test wer tests compared to all the other models .
4 shows the results on the dev set and on the test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data . we observe that fine - tuning achieves the best results with only 50 % train dev and 75 % train test scores .
5 shows the performance of our system on the dev set and the test set , compared to the model trained on the monolingual and code - switched set .
shown in table 7 , type - aggregated gaze features trained on the three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset have a statistically significant improvement in precision ( p ≤ 0 . 05 ) and f1 - score ( p > 0 . 01 ) over the previous state of the art model .
5 shows the precision and f1 scores for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset . the results are shown in table 5 . precision ( p ≤ 0 . 05 ) and recall ( f1 - score ) are statistically significant improvements over the baseline , while f1 score is statistically significant ( p > 0 . 01 ) .
results on the original wordnet 3 . 1 dataset are shown in table 1 . syntactic - sg embeddings are derived from the original paper , and are used in wordnet as a base for embedding the semantic skipgram embedding . wordnet has the best performance on the ppa test set , and it relies on syntactic embedding instead of syntactic skipgrams embedding for the initialization . we also use glove - retro for the semantic embedding of wordnet . the results are summarized in tables 1 and 2 .
results from rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments are shown in table 2 . the results from the full uas dataset show that the dependency parser has a significant advantage over the oracle pp model in terms of predictive accuracy .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . the results are shown in table 3 .
2 shows the results of combining subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation . the results are summarized in table 2 . subsfull embeddings have a generally positive effect ( bleu % scores ) and multi30k have a slightly negative effect ( 37 . 7 % ) . subdomain tuning has a significant effect ( 31 . 7 % ) on the performance , however , it does not improve over the domain - tuned model .
results are shown in table 4 . subdomain - tuned subs1m models outperform all the other models in terms of performance on all datasets except for the en - de dataset , which shows the diminishing returns from domain - tuning . the results are summarized in table 1 .
4 shows the bleu scores of the models using automatic captions . the results are summarized in table 4 . it can be seen that the multi30k model outperforms all the other models using the same set of features . however , the improvement is less pronounced for multi - de model .
5 shows the performance of different approaches for integrating visual information . we observe that the best performing approach is enc - gate , while dec - gate has the worst performance . the results are summarized in table 5 . transformer and multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm embeddings significantly improve the visual information integration .
3 shows the performance of subs3m and subs6m in terms of text - only and multi - lingual features . the results are summarized in table 4 . sub - text - only features outperform subs6 and subs7m on all metrics except for the performance in en - de , where the visual features are more important than the text features .
3 shows the performance of our system compared to the previous best state - of - the - art systems on the mtld and en - fr - phrases . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our system outperforms the best state of the art systems in terms of accuracy .
shown in table 1 , the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 shows the performance of our system with respect to english , french and spanish vocabularies .
5 shows the bleu and ter scores for the rev systems . automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) show that the system performs better than the previous state - of - the - art systems .
2 shows the performance of our visually supervised model compared to the previous stateof - the - art model , rsaimage .
results on synthetically spoken coco are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art embeddings in terms of recall scores .
1 shows the results of different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , cnn turns on a on ( in the the the edges ) and a curve ( in the the corners ) . this shows that when a classifier is used in a screenplay , it is easier to learn to hate it .
2 shows the effect of fine - tuning on the performance of part - of - speech ( pos ) in sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the number of occurrences in the original sentence has increased , decreased or stayed the same , indicating that the quality of the sentence has not changed .
3 shows the change in sentiment from positive to negative in sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . negative labels are flipped to positive and vice versa . this indicates that the effect of the flipped labels is less pronounced for the original sentence .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are summarized in terms of average performance ( pmi ) on the test set of pubmed and sst - 2 . as expected , the results are slightly better than those of other approaches , indicating that our approach is more effective at improving interpretability and interpretability . table 3 shows the results for both approaches , with the exception of the positive one .
