2 shows the performance of our recursive framework on the large movie review dataset compared to the iterative approach of recur . the recursive approach performs the best on inference with efficient parallel execution of tree nodes , while the iteration approach shows better performance on training .
shown in table 1 , the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput thanks to the high degree of parallelization . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset , because there is only a small room of performance improvement left to train the model .
2 shows the performance of the different parameter optimization strategies for each model with different number of parameters . the performance of conll08 is presented in table 2 . the hyper parameters filtering rate and the number of feature maps are the most important factors in the model ' s performance . the hgnll08 model has the best performance with different size of the hyper parameters and the maximum number of features maps . the sigmoid model performs similarly to the softplus model with the same number of hyper parameters .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . with sdp as dependency path , our model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp and the best diff . the comparison of our model with different relation types is shown in table 1 . the difference is minimal , but the difference is significant .
results are presented in table 3 . the average f1 score for y - 3 is 50 % , while the average r - f1 is 50 % . in general terms , the difference between the performance of the two sets is small but significant .
3 shows the performance of our method on the word - paragraph level . the results are presented in table 3 . our method outperforms all the other methods except for the one that relies on word embeddings . our approach achieves the highest performance on both metrics , with a gap of 3 . 5 % in the final score .
4 : c - f1 ( 100 % ) in % for the two indicated systems ; essay vs . paragraph level . note that the mean performances are lower than the majority performances over the runs given in table 2 . paragraph level performance is higher than that of the majority systems .
shown in table 1 , the original and the original methods are completely different from the ones tested on the test set . the difference between original and original is minimal , but the difference is significant . for the original , the bleu scores are significantly higher than those on the wrong set . this is reflected in the performance of the " alternating " test set , where tgen and tgen are completely removed from the training set . these results are presented in table 2 . the original and original methods have completely different performance on each set .
shown in table 1 , the original e2e data and our cleaned version are comparable in terms of number of distinct mrs , total number of textual references , and the number of slot matching script instances as measured by our matching script .
the original and the original test sets are presented in table 4 . original and original test set have the best bleu score , while the original has the worst accuracy . the difference between accuracy on the original and the wrong test set is minimal , but the difference is significant . for the original test set , we used sc - lstm and sstm as the test sets . the accuracy gap between original and original is small , but it is large enough to handle multiple iterations of the same test set without sacrificing too many key features . the differences are small but significant , with the exception of the one that the original set has the best performance .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set of tgen . the errors we found were mostly caused by slight disfluencies in the training data . in addition , there were also a few instances where the original errors were misclassified as errors .
3 shows the performance of our dcgcn model on the external and external datasets compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . our approach outperforms both the state - of - art and the traditional tree2str model in terms of both performance and recall .
2 shows the results on amr17 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points on the model size compared to the ensemble model of seq2seqb ( beck et al . , 2018 ) . the results are summarized in table 2 . the model size in terms of parameters is relatively small ( e . g . , e = 28 . 3m vs . 25 . 5m on the single model ) .
3 shows the results for english - german and english - czech . our model outperforms the previous best - performing models in both languages : bow + gcn ( bastings et al . , 2017 ) and peyrard et al . ( 2018 ) in english - language and german - language , respectively . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the single model performs better than the multi - language model on both languages , with the exception of english - kochi , where the difference between the performance is less pronounced .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the system when we layer the layers with the layers of the supporting material . we observe that for all layers , there is a significant difference in performance between the baseline and the expected performance .
6 shows the performance of residual connections gcns with residual connections . rc + la ( 2 ) and dcgcn4 ( 27 ) show that residual connections have a significant impact on gcn performance . however , when gcn has residual connections , the performance drops significantly .
model 3 shows that dcgcn outperforms the best stateof - the - art models in terms of overall performance .
8 shows the ablation study results on the dev set of amr15 . we observe that the dense blocks in the i - th block have the greatest effect on the model performance . they reduce the number of dense connections by 3 . 8 % .
9 shows the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the best performing model is the global encoder , with a gap of 22 . 9 % in coverage between the two models .
7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . our model obtains the best performance with a gap of 3 . 5 % in the precision score compared to the previous best state of the art .
can be seen in table 4 , the subjnum based cbow / 400 outperforms the other baselines in terms of depth and subtense .
cbow / 784 outperforms both sst2 and sst5 in terms of mrpc score . cbow also improves the performance of mpqa on the mrpc and sick - b tests , respectively . however , it does not improve the performance on both tests .
results on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models are shown in table 3 . hybrid models outperform both cbow and cmp . on the sts13 and sts15 datasets , cbow shows the relative change with respect to hybrid models .
8 shows the performance of initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the stateof - the - art baselines except for sst2 and sst5 , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing multiple initialization strategies .
6 shows the performance for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . the cmow - c model outperforms the cbow - r model on all three tasks except sts14 .
observe that cbow - r outperforms all the other methods in terms of depth and subtraction . however , it does not have the best performance on the subjnum and the coordinv metrics .
cbow - r outperforms all the other methods except subj and mpqa except for sst2 , which is superior to sst - b and sst5 . also , it surpasses both the mrpc and sick - r by a significant margin .
system performance in [ italic ] e + per and e + e + misc scores are shown in table 3 . all org and per scores are significantly better than those for all systems except for the one that relies on name matching . the system performs well in both languages , with the exception of the case of the one in which the system relies on domain name matching ( mil - nd ) . we observe that the system performs better than all the systems that rely on the word choice feature , with a slight improvement over the previous state of the art . in theitalic system , the performance improvement over previous stateof - the - art systems is modest but significant , with an improvement of 2 . 36 points over the performance of mil - nd .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our system achieves the best e + p score and the best f1 score of all models . our model outperforms all the models except mil - nd in terms of e + f1 . supervised learning also improves the generalization ability of the system , name matching improves the e − p score , and the f1 scores are higher in the " supervised learning " setting .
6 : entailment ( ent ) and ref compared to gen ( g2s - gat ) is presented in table 6 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of both ref and f1 metrics , ref significantly outperforms ref on both metric , while ref is superior on the metric of ref , it does not exceed ref by a significant margin .
3 shows the performance of models trained on the ldc2017t10 dataset . our model outperforms the best stateof - the - art models in terms of bleu score on both metrics .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in both external and logaword datasets .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . bilstm significantly improves the performance of the model compared to traditional ldcstm .
results are summarized in table 4 . we observe that g2s - gin has the best overall performance on both datasets , with the exception of the one where it has the worst overall performance . graph diameter and sentence length are the most important metrics for evaluating sentence length and sentence length . sentence length and average sentence length are also important factors in evaluating the model ' s performance on two of the four datasets . after applying the weighted average distance of the two datasets , the results are presented in table 5 .
shown in table 8 , the fraction of elements missing in the output that are present in the generated sentence ( g2s - gin ) is much smaller than the fraction in the input graph that are missing in miss , for the test set of ldc2017t10 .
4 shows the performance of our system with different target languages extracted from the 4th nmt encoding layer . our system achieves the best performance with 96 % accuracy on a smaller corpus ( 200k sentences ) .
2 shows the pos and sem accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . mft : most frequent tag ; word2tag : the most frequent encoder - decoder - based classifier ; word1link : the second most frequently tagged encoder .
can be seen in table 4 , the performance of our system is summarized in terms of accuracy . our system obtains the best performance on both datasets , with the exception of the one that performs better on the fr metric . the results are summarized in tables 1 and 2 .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages .
8 shows the performance of the attacker on different datasets . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in table 8 . in pan16 , the average age of the target is 9 . 7 % and gender is 14 . 3 % respectively .
1 shows the accuracies when training directly towards a single task . for pan16 , the task is qualitatively different from the one trained towards pan16 .
2 shows the status of the protected attribute leakage in the context of balanced and unbalanced data splits . it can be observed that the presence of a protected attribute leads to balanced data splits , however , this does not account for the fact that the word " race " is the most frequently misclassified classifier in the task , sentiment and gender are the only ones that are not misclassified as having a negative effect on the task .
3 shows the performance on different datasets with an adversarial training . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ' s accuracy is shown in table 3 . sentiment and gender classification are the most important factors in predicting whether an object will reach the task . the performance on the pan16 dataset is significantly different depending on the context of the conversation , with a gap of 2 . 5 points in the training score from the previous performance .
6 shows the concatenation of the protected attribute with different encoders . embedding rnn is easier for the model to do than it is for the original one .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous work on the topic of finetune . our model outperforms all the models on both datasets with a large margin . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our lstm model performs better on the two datasets with the best performance on the single dataset . finally , the results are consistent across all models with different baselines , with the exception of the one that performs best on the multi - domain dataset , wt2 .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous work on multiple datasets . our model obtains the best performance on all datasets with a minimum of time to train .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous work on multiple datasets . our model outperforms both the original and the yelppolar time dataset in terms of both err and f1 metric . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our model performs better on both datasets , with the exception of the amafull time dataset , where the difference between the average time between the two datasets is less pronounced . finally , we observe that the performance improvement over the original model is consistent across all metrics , with a notable exception of amafull time , which is the case where our model is more accurate .
3 shows the bleu score on wmt14 english - german translation task . our system improves upon the state - of - the - art gnmt model by 0 . 2k in training time compared to the previous best state of the art model .
4 shows the performance of our model with respect to the parameter number of base . the results published by wang et al . ( 2017 ) show that our model has superior match / f1 score on squad dataset compared to other models with the same parameter number . we observe that the lstm model outperforms all the baselines with a large margin .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . the lstm model outperforms all the other models in terms of parameter number . it is clear from table 6 that the use of # params leads to better ner performance .
7 shows the performance of our model with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting . the results are summarized in table 7 .
3 shows the performance of the word - based systems . word - based system retrieval ( mtr ) is the most efficient , with a b - 2 and r - 4 score . sentiment is very similar to the human approach , with an average r - 2 score of 7 . 55 and 8 . 64 , respectively , compared to the previous best state - of - the - art systems ( handa et al . , 2018 ) . word based system evaluation ( mtd ) is beneficial for both systems , as it improves the overall performance of both systems .
4 shows the human evaluation results on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . our system outperforms all the systems except seq2seq ,
can be seen in table 4 , the performance of english - based ensembles on the df and docsub datasets is slightly better than those on the other datasets . the difference between the performance on both datasets is less pronounced for the df / docsub datasets , but still larger for docsub .
can be seen in table 4 , the performance of english - based web content on the corpus and docsub datasets is comparable to that on the other two datasets , with the exception of the one on the docsub dataset . the performance on corpus is comparable with that on docsub , but the difference between the performance on the two datasets is much smaller .
3 shows the performance of english - based web content on the corpus and docsub datasets . our joint model outperforms both the original and the original embeddings on both datasets , with the exception of docsub . the results are summarized in table 3 . for corpus , our model performs slightly better than the original , but is slightly worse than the docsub baseline .
metrics are presented in table 3 . our system achieves the best performance with a minimum of 3 . 5roots on each metric compared to the maxdepth of our base model . our joint model outperforms both the baselines on both metric metrics , with the exception of the metric of depthcohesion . our model achieves a joint score of 1 . 78 / 1 . 78 on every metric , with a gap of 43 . 46roots compared to our baseline . we observe that our joint model has the best overall score .
metrics are presented in table 3 . our system achieves the best performance on both metric metrics , with a gap of 2 . 5 % on the metric metric compared to the previous best state - of - the - art systems . our joint model is better than both corpus and docsub , but is slightly worse than our joint model .
performance ( ndcg % ) comparison for the experiments of applying our system on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf outperforms the original visdial model in terms of r0 , r2 , r3 and gsm loss .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on different sets of visdial v1 . 0 validation set . the best performing model is coatt with a history shortcut .
5 compares the performance of hmd - recall and wmd - lv - en on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 . for the hard alignments , hmd performs better than the soft ones .
performance on the direct assessment and bertscore - f1 tests is reported in table 4 . the results are summarized in table 5 . the summaries presented in table 1 show that our approach significantly outperforms the baselines on both metrics . for example , the summaries in our approach are significantly better than those in the baseline setting ( e . g . , ruse ( * ) and f1 scores of 0 . 7 and 0 . 8 , respectively ) . however , the difference between the performance of our approach and the baseline is less pronounced for our approach , indicating that the approach is more effective for both datasets .
the bleu - 1 and bertscore - f1 scores are presented in table 3 . the baselines are summarized in terms of bagel and sfhotel scores . the bert scores are summarized as follows : they are significantly better than the baseline baseline , but significantly worse than those of other baselines , such as bberel + w2v .
performance on the baselines is reported in table 3 . the summaries are summarized in terms of leic scores . they are presented in bold , indicating that the semantic relations underlying the semantic representations are strong enough to handle multiple contexts at once . however , their performance is significantly worse than those of standard dictionaries ( e . g . , wmd - 1 + w2v ) .
3 shows the performance of our models compared to the previous stateof - the - art systems . we observe that our model performs better than the state - of - art on both datasets , with the exception of the shen - 1 dataset , where the performance is slightly worse .
3 shows the performance of our semantic preservation models compared to the previous stateof - the - art models on the semantic preservation and semantic preservation datasets . the results are summarized in tables 3 and 4 . semantic preservation outperforms semantic preservation in all but one of the three cases . syntactic preservation is the most difficult part of semantic preservation , the semantic preservation approach is particularly difficult to achieve with a single set of features . we observe that the multi - decoder architecture ( m6 and m7 ) has the best performance on both datasets , with the exception of the case of the semantic preservation dataset , which has the worst performance .
5 shows the performance of human sentence - level validation on the yelp and lit . datasets . the results are summarized in table 5 . we show that the human ratings of semantic preservation are significantly better than the machine ratings , indicating that the quality of the sentence is high .
3 shows the performance of our system on the test set of simuli . we observe that our system performs well on both test sets , with the exception of the case of the shen - 1 dataset , where our model performs better on the " supervising " .
6 shows the results on yelp sentiment transfer . our best model achieves the highest bleu and the highest acc ∗ on the test set of fu - 1 compared to simple - transfer . we also observe that the semantic embeddings used in the modeling outperform the classifiers in both cases . multi - decoder model outperforms the baselines in both languages , however , the difference between the quality of concatenated and unsupervised information is not significant . the best model is yang2018unsupervised , which means it is better to transfer 1000 words than the original ones . in addition , the improvement in acc is less pronounced for unlabeled sentences , indicating that the model is more likely to learn the task at hand .
2 shows the number of instances that were correctly predicted as disfluencies . reparandum length is the average number of repetition tokens in the system , while repetition is the most frequently used part of the system .
3 shows the relative frequency of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - function ) . the fraction of tokens predicted to contain the content word is in table 3 , compared to the fraction predicted as containing the word in the original reparandum . as shown in the table , the function - function has the greatest effect on the prediction accuracy .
results are presented in table 4 . we observe that when text is used in combination with innovations , the model achieves the best overall performance . in addition , the text - based model outperforms the single model in terms of both dev and test mean . text - based innovations also improve the model ' s performance in the multi - factor test . the results are summarized in table 5 .
2 compares our model with state - of - art algorithms on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model achieves the best performance with both agree and disagree features . however , the accuracy is still significantly lower than the performance with self - attention embeddings .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . compared to previous methods , burstysimdater performs significantly better .
3 : accuracy ( % ) of our component models with and without attention . this results show the effectiveness of both word attention and graph attention for this task . as shown in table 3 , the performance of the oe - gcn model is significantly better than the s - gcnn model .
3 shows the performance of different models trained on different stages of the learning process . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that relies on argument embeddings . the results are presented in table 3 .
experimental results of our method are presented in table 4 . all the methods used in this study belong to the classifier " f1 " . in all but one case , the system is able to identify all the stages of the event , confirming the presence of a specific classifier in the event . cross - event identification ( f1 ) and argument identification ( voca ) are the most distinctive features for both systems . the fact that the method relies on a single domain leads to an entirely new set of features for each event .
can be seen in table 4 , all the models trained on the original spanish - only - lm are comparable in terms of performance on the test set . however , for english - only , the performance gap between the original and the original is much narrower . this is mostly due to the high quality of the pre - trained word embeddings compared to the original ones . moreover , the difference between the performance of the original english - based and spanish - based modules is much smaller .
4 shows the results on the dev set and the test set with only subsets of the code - switched data . fine - tuning achieves the best results with only 50 % train dev and 75 % train test .
5 shows the performance on the dev set and the test set , compared to the monolingual model in the standard set . the difference in performance between the dev and test set is minimal , but it is significant , in both cases .
results in table 7 show that type - aggregated gaze features significantly improve recall and f1 - score for the three eye - tracking datasets tested on the conll - 2003 dataset ( p < 0 . 001 ) .
5 shows the precision and f1 scores for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p < 0 . 001 ) and recall ( f1 - score ( p ≤ 0 . 005 ) are statistically significant improvements over the previous stateof - the - art model ( table 5 ) .
experimental results on wordnet 3 . 1 are shown in table 1 . the syntactic embeddings are derived from the original wordnet research paper ( lstm - pp and glove - retro ) , and are based on the syntactic skipgram embedding obtained by finoqui et al . ( 2015 ) and schütze ( 2015 ) . syntactic - sg embedding is the most important part of the semantic - sg architecture , and it improves wordnet ' s performance on par with the original paper .
results from rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments is presented in table 2 . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . using oracle pp as the dependency parser , rbg achieves the highest ppa acc . and full uas score .
3 : effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . the effect of removing context sensitivity is evident in the ppa acc . ( normalized by the number of frames ) in the model , as shown in table 3 .
2 : adding subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( marian amun et al . , 2018 ) . the results are summarized in table 2 . the domain - tuned multi30k model outperforms all the other models in terms of bleu % scores . subsfull subtitle data also improves the interpretability of captions , as shown in fig . 2 .
3 shows the performance of subs1m in en - de and on - de datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . subdomain - tuned models outperform the models on both datasets , with the exception of the case of flickr16 , where the difference is less pronounced . the results of domain - tuning , when combined with domain decoding , are striking , but not striking . subdomain tuning improves the performance by a significant margin .
4 shows bleu scores in terms of multi30k captions compared to the best ones on en - de and mscoco17 . adding automatic captions improves bleu scores in all but one of the five scenarios .
5 compares the performance of different approaches for integrating visual information . we use multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm and detectron mask surface , respectively . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that enc - gate and dec - gate have the highest bleu % scores , which indicates that decoding visual information leads to better interpretability . finally , the enc - gating and decoding mechanisms have the greatest performance .
3m and subs3m perform best on en - de and in - de , respectively , compared to subs6m and mscoco17 , both of which rely on multi - lingual embeddings . sub - categories such as " intensemble - of - 3 " and " lingual " rely on visual features to interpret the information . in addition , the combination of acoustic features and multi - language features boosts performance over the baselines .
3 shows the performance of the best en - fr - ht models compared to the best out - of - vocabulary models on the randlst and mtld datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the differences between the two approaches are not statistically significant , but are statistically significant .
shown in table 1 , the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 : training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data used for our models . the results are summarized in table 2 .
system reference bleu and ter scores for the rev systems are shown in table 5 . automatic evaluation scores ( bleu , ter ) show that the re - rev systems perform better than the original ones when using only ter .
2 shows the performance of our visually supervised model compared to the standard rsaimage model on flickr8k . the results are summarized in table 2 .
experimental results on synthetically spoken coco ( vgs ) are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms both segmatch and rsaimage with a 3 . 9 % boost in recall compared to the baseline .
1 shows the different classifiers used in the original sst - 2 . for example , cnn turns in a < u > screenplay that has edges edges edges and curves , and for rnn the edges are curved . this shows that the concept of " hate hate " is so clever that it can be used in a screenplay as well as in a tv adaptation .
2 : part - of - speech ( pos ) changes in sst - 2 : , , and indicate that the number of occurrences have increased , decreased or stayed the same through fine - tuning respectively . the symbols are purely analytic without any notion of goodness .
3 shows the sentiment changes in sst - 2 compared to the original sentence . negative labels are flipped to positive and vice versa . this shows that the effect of negative labels on sentiment is less pronounced on cnn and dan . the change in sentiment between positive and negative labels is statistically significant .
results are presented in table 3 . the most striking thing about the results is that they are positive , but not negative . as expected , the performance gap between positive and negative is less than 50 % ( p < 0 . 001 ) . table 3 compares the performance of sift and pubmed on three different aspects of the research . the results are summarized in terms of pmi scores , which indicate that the approach is beneficial for both research and evaluation . in addition , the quality of the word " sift " is comparable to that of " pubmed " .
