3 shows the performance of the treelstm model on our recursive framework , with the large movie review dataset .
table 1 shows the results of the treernn model for the balanced and balanced datasets . the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput compared to the balanced dataset .
4 - 5 shows the performance of the max pooling strategy for each model with different representation . the maximum pooling approach achieves the best performance in all model variations .
3 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . our model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) without sdp .
results are shown in table 3 . y - 3 : y , y , y and y ( y - 3 ) outperform r - f1 100 % and f1 50 % respectively . in table 3 , we compare the performance of y - 2 : y ( y ) with r - 3 ( y ) . the results are similar to the results of the previous table .
3 shows the results of the mst - parser on the essay level . the results are shown in table 1 . the results of our test are presented in table 2 . the best results are obtained on the test level , with the best results obtained on both test level and test level .
4 shows the performance of the two indicated systems on the lstm - parser and stagblcc systems . the best performance is for the essay and paragraph systems .
3 shows the results of the original and tgen models . the results are shown in table 1 . the original model is better than the tgen model , but it is still slightly worse than the original model . the results show that the new model outperforms the previous model .
3 presents the results of the original e2e data and our cleaned version . the results are shown in table 1 . the original and cleaned versions of the model outperform the original .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . we show the results of the original and the second set of set of sets .
table 4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on 100 instances of 100 instances from the original test set . the results are shown in table 4 . in table 4 , we show the absolute number of errors we found in the original tgen training set .
results are presented in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of our model on both the external and external models . the performance of the external models is significantly lower than the external model .
results on amr17 are presented in table 2 . the model size of the model is shown in terms of bleu points . our model size is significantly larger than that of ggnn2seqb ( 2016 ) .
results are presented in table 3 . we show that the english - german model outperforms the german model in both english - czech and german . the results are shown in table 4 . single and multi - language models outperform the german models in both languages .
table 5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the layer - level layers . the effect of these layers on the overall performance of dc is shown in table 5 . we observe that the layers in dc are significantly larger than those in the other layers .
table 6 shows the performance of our baselines on gcns with residual connections . the results are shown in table 6 .
3 shows the results of the dcgcn model . the results are shown in table 1 . the results of our model are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms all other models in terms of performance .
3 shows the density of the dense blocks on the dev set of amr15 . the density of dense blocks is shown in table 8 .
3 presents the results of the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are shown in table 9 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance .
table 7 shows the results of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . the results are shown in table 7 .
3 presents the results of our model . the results are presented in table 4 .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of the performance of the two models .
3 shows the relative change with respect to hybrid and cbow on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models .
table 8 shows the results of our model on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the other models on the model .
3 presents the results for the unsupervised downstream tasks on the sts13 and sts15 tasks .
results are presented in table 1 . table 1 shows the results of the cbow - r model . the results are shown in table 2 . table 2 shows the performance of the model on the table .
3 shows the results of the cbow - r model . the results are presented in table 1 . the best results are shown in table 2 . the most significant improvement is in the performance of sst2 and sst5 , respectively .
results are shown in table 1 . in [ italic ] e + org and ( italic ) e + per , we have the best results in both e + and e + e + misc . we also show the best performance in all e + loc , all org , all per , and all misc ( table 1 ) . the best performance is in all org .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our model achieves 95 % confidence intervals of f1 scores on the two settings .
table 6 shows the results of the entailment ( entailment ) task on the model . the results are shown in table 6 . the model outperforms the model in terms of the number of entries .
results are presented in table 1 . the model outperforms the model in terms of the number of errors in the model compared to the model .
results on ldc2015e86 test set are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in the g2s - ggnn test set .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . the ablation results show that bilstm improves the performance of the model by 2 . 5 % compared to the model .
results are presented in table 3 . the results of the model are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all other models in terms of the graph diameter . we also observe that the model is significantly smaller than the model , which indicates that it is more likely to have a large impact on the graph - diameter ratio .
4 presents the results of the ldc2017t10 test set . the results are shown in table 8 . the fraction of elements in the input graph that are missing in the generated sentence ( g2s - ggnn ) is significantly higher than the fraction in the output graph ( miss ) .
4 presents the results of the 4th nmt encoding layer , trained with different target languages on a smaller parallel corpus .
results are shown in table 2 . table 2 shows the accuracy of the word embeddings with baselines and an upper bound . the best results are obtained by using unsupervised word embedding .
results show that pos tagging accuracy outperforms both ru and ru in terms of the accuracy of the pos tagging accuracy . pos taggling accuracy is significantly superior to ru , but it is significantly lower than ru .
results are shown in table 5 . pos and sem tagging accuracy with features from different layers of the 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages .
results are shown in table 8 . table 8 shows the difference between the performance of the attacker and the corresponding adversary .
table 1 shows the performance of pan16 when training directly towards a single task . the results are shown in table 1 .
table 2 shows the performance of our model on the balanced task and unbalanced task splits . the results are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the performance of the adversarial training on different datasets with different training scores . our model achieves the best performance on both datasets with the same training score .
3 shows the performance of the protected attribute with different encoders . the performance of rnn and rnn is comparable to that of the embedding guarded .
results are presented in table 2 . this model outperforms all other models in terms of performance , with the exception of lstm , which outperforms the other models by a significant margin .
3 presents the results of our model . the results show that our model outperforms all other models when it comes to the time - based model .
results are presented in table 4 . this model outperforms all the other models in the table . the results are shown in table 5 . we also show that this model improves the performance of all the models .
3 shows the bleu score on the wmt14 english - german translation task . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of bleus score .
4 presents the results of the model on squad dataset . the model achieves the best performance on the model , with the highest performance on both model and model . our model outperforms all other models in terms of match / f1 - score .
3 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . the f1 scores are shown in table 6 . lstm * denotes the parameter number of the model .
results are shown in table 7 . table 7 shows the accuracy of the snli task with base setting and the perplexity of the ptb task with base setting .
results are shown in table 3 . the word - based system retrieval ( mtr ) is more effective than the system - based one . word - based systems are more efficient than system - based ones . in table 3 , we compare the performance of the human and the human systems . the human systems are better than the system - based systems .
4 shows the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 ( table 4 ) . the best results are shown in table 4 .
3 presents the results of our test set . the results of the test set are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . table 1 shows the performance of our tests . our results show that our test sets are significantly better than those of the other test sets .
3 presents the results of our test set . the results of the test set are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . table 1 shows the performance of our tests . our results show that our results are comparable to those of the other test sets .
3 presents the results of our test set . the results of the test set are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . table 1 shows the performance of the two test sets . table 2 shows the results for the three test sets , respectively . our results show that the results are comparable to those of the other test sets ( table 2 ) .
results are presented in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of our models on the table . the results of our model are shown in table 2 . the results show that our models are significantly better than those of the other models .
3 shows the results of the europarl and numberrels models . the results are shown in table 1 . the results show that our models are significantly better than those of the other models .
3 shows the performance of our model on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf is the enhanced version of the original visdial model .
3 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of ablative studies on different models on visdial v1 . 0 validation set .
5 presents the results of our model on hard alignments and soft alignments . the results are shown in table 5 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . metrics are used to compare the results of our model with those of bertscore - f1 and ruse - mover , respectively .
results are presented in table 1 . the bleu - 1 model outperforms all the other models in the bertscore - f1 model , except for sfhotel , which outperforms both the f1 and f1 models .
results are presented in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of bertscore - recall and leic ( * ) by 0 . 939 points . the results of our model outperform all other models except w2v and w3v .
results are presented in table 3 . the results show that the m1 model outperforms the m2 model by a significant margin . m1 outperforms m2 , m3 , and m4 in terms of the performance of the model .
results are presented in table 3 . the results of our model are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both transfer quality and transfer quality . we show that our model achieves the best transfer quality of all the models , with the most significant improvement in transfer quality over the previous model .
4 presents the results of human sentence - level validation of the human sentence level . the results show that the human sentences are better than the machine and human sentences . we also observe that the performance of human sentences is better than machine sentences .
results are shown in table 3 . m1 and m2 outperform m2 in terms of the performance of both models . the results show that the m1 model outperforms the m2 model by a significant margin . m2 also outperforms m2 by a large margin .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best models achieve the highest bleu than our best models . the best models outperform the best models by a significant margin . for example , our best model outperforms the best model by 3 . 6 points .
3 shows the percentage of disfluent reparandum tokens that were correctly predicted as disfluencies . in table 2 , we show that disfluency is the most important factor in the prediction of disfluences .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - function ) . table 3 shows that the disfluency predicted for the function - function is significantly higher than that predicted for both the model and the model .
results are presented in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of dev and innovations . the results are shown in table 4 .
3 shows the performance of word2vec embedding on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 ( % ) and f1 ( % ) .
3 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( higher is better ) .
3 shows the performance of both word attention and graph attention for the word attention task . the accuracy of word attention is significantly higher than that of graph attention . in table 3 , the accuracy is significantly lower for word attention than for graph attention .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . table 1 shows the performance of the model on each of the three stages .
3 presents the results of the cross - event model , which are presented in table 1 . the results show that the multi - event model outperforms the single - factor model by a significant margin . in table 1 , we show that cross - event models outperform single - event models in terms of f1 .
results are shown in table 1 . all models have the best performance on the test set , with the exception of spanish - only - lm , which has the worst performance on test set .
4 presents the results on the train dev set and the test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data .
5 shows the performance of the gold sentence on the dev set compared to the monolingual set . the gold sentence performance on the test set is shown in table 5 . as expected , gold sentences outperform gold sentences on both dev set and test set .
results are shown in table 7 . precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f1 ) for using type - aggregated gaze features trained on all three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset .
3 presents the results of the conll - 2003 dataset . the results show that type - aggregated gaze features significantly improve the accuracy of the recall and recall features compared to type combined gaze features .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are presented in table 1 . the results show that glove - retro embeddings are significantly better than the original model , and it improves the performance of wordnet and verbnet .
3 presents the results of the rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
3 shows the performance of the subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) . all results with marian amun are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the performance of the subs1m model on en - de . the results are shown in table 1 . subdomain - tuned models outperform domain - tuning models in terms of performance . our model outperforms the domain tuned models in both domains . in the case of the subdomain tuned models , the results are significantly better than those of the domain tuning models .
3 shows the bleu scores for the automatic image captions . the results are shown in table 4 .
3 shows the performance of the three strategies for integrating visual information ( bleu % scores ) . in table 5 , we compare the results of the two strategies for embedding visual information . the best performance is achieved by using transformer , multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm and detectron mask surface .
3 shows the performance of subs3m and subs6m in terms of text - only and multi - lingual features . the results are shown in table 3 . sub3m is better than the other models , and the results are comparable to those of the other three models . in terms of performance , the performance is comparable to the previous models .
results are shown in table 1 . we show the results of the yule ’ s i - ttr translation . the results show that the en - fr - rnn - ff and en - es - t - ff - ff ( ttr ) are significantly better than the mtld translation ( mtld ) .
3 shows the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for each language pair .
3 presents the results of our training for the english , french and spanish data .
5 presents the results of the automatic evaluation scores for rev systems . bleu ↑ and ter ↓ are the most important features of the rev system . ter ← is the most significant feature of the system .
results on flickr8k are shown in table 2 . vgs is the visually supervised model from chrupala2017representations , and segmatch is the visual supervised model of the same model .
results are presented in table 1 . vgs is the visually supervised model from chrupala2017representations . it achieves the best performance on both models .
3 shows the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , cnn turns on a on ( in the the the edges ) .
3 shows the results of fine - tuning in sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . the results show that the number of words in the original sentence has increased , decreased or stayed the same . we also show the difference in the percentage of words that have been added to the sentence .
3 : sentiment score changes in sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . the positive and negative labels are flipped to positive and vice versa . the negative label is flipped to negative .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . in general , the results are positive and negative . however , the positive results are significantly lower than the negative ones .
