shown in table 2 , the treelstm model performs the best on inference with efficient parallel execution of tree nodes , while the folding technique performs the worst on training .
results are shown in table 1 . the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput compared to the linear dataset when the batch size increases from 1 to 25 . however , it does not improve as well as the balanced dataset , due to the high degree of parallelization .
2 presents the results for each model with different representation . the max pooling strategy consistently performs better in all model variations than softplus and sigmoid .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp is obtained by using a macro - averaged dependency path . we observe that the shortest relation path is used to improve the f1 for all relation types , with the highest f1 obtained without sdp .
results are shown in table 3 . y - 3 : y and y - 2 : y ( y - 3 ) have the highest f1 and f1 scores , respectively , compared to y - 4 : y , which has the lowest f1 score .
results are shown in table 2 . the results of the mst - parser are summarized in table 1 . we show that the results of our method are significantly better than those of the other methods . as expected , the results are significantly worse than those obtained from the other approaches .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems ; the lstm - parser and stagblcc are shown in table 4 , respectively .
results are shown in table 1 . the original and the original results are presented in table 2 . the original is better than the original , but the original is worse than the correct ones . we also observe that the correct results are more accurate than the wrong ones .
shown in table 1 , the original e2e data and our cleaned version are comparable in the number of distinct mrs , total number of textual references , and ser .
results are shown in table 1 . original and tgen models outperform all the other models except for sc - lstm , which outperforms both the original and the original models by a significant margin . the results are summarized in table 2 . original model outperforms the original model by a margin of 2 . 9 % and 2 . 7 % respectively , while tgen + outperforms all other models in terms of accuracy .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . we found that adding incorrect values significantly increased the accuracy of the training set , while removing incorrect ones significantly reduced the accuracy .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the dcgcn ( single ) model outperforms all the other models except for tree2str , which performs better than all the others .
2 shows the results on amr17 . gcnseq achieves 24 . 5 bleu points in terms of parameters , respectively . the model size of ggnn2seqb ( ours ) achieves 28 . 3m bleus , respectively , compared to 27 . 5m in the previous model . we observe that dcgcn ( our ) achieves a better performance than other single ensemble models .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of english - german b and english - czech c . we also observe that our model performs better in english - language b than in german - language c , we observe that the results of our model are consistent across all languages .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the model . table 5 shows that dc has the greatest effect on the quality of layers in the model , as shown in table 5 . in fact , it has the largest effect on performance , as seen in table 6 . we observe that in the case of " italic " and " m " , there is a significant drop in the performance compared to " m " in " m " . in addition , we observe that there is an overall drop in performance for all layers of dc .
6 shows the performance of gcns with residual connections with baselines . the results are shown in table 6 . gcn + rc + la ( 2 ) and dcgcn3 ( 9 ) are the best performing baselines , respectively .
results are shown in table 2 . the dcgcn model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , however , the results are slightly worse for the model with a lower performance .
8 shows the ablation study for amr15 on the dev set . we observe that the dense blocks in the i - th block are less dense than the dense ones in amr14 , indicating that removing the dense connections is beneficial .
9 shows the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are shown in table 9 . we observe that our model outperforms all the other models in terms of coverage , with the exception of dcgcn4 .
7 shows the results for initialization strategies on probing tasks . the results are shown in table 7 . as expected , our model outperforms all the other approaches except for glorot , which outperforms our model .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . table 1 shows the results of our method in terms of depth and subtraction . as expected , our method outperforms all the other methods except for h - cmow / 400 , which outperforms both our methods .
results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the cbow / 784 model outperforms the other models in terms of performance . the results are shown in table 1 . subj and sst2 model outperform the other two models by a margin of 0 . 2 % and - 0 . 6 % respectively . subj also outperforms both the mrpc model and the mpqa model by a significant margin .
3 shows the relative change with respect to hybrid and cbow on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . the results are shown in table 3 . cbow outperforms both hybrid and hybrid when compared to both approaches .
8 shows the results for initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the other approaches except for subj and mpqa , which outperform all the others except subj .
6 shows the results for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . cmow - c outperforms cbow - r on both training objectives and sts15 .
results are shown in table 2 . cbow - r outperforms both cbow and somo by a significant margin . the results are summarized in table 1 .
results are presented in table 2 . we observe that cbow - r outperforms both sst2 and sst5 on the mrpc and mpqa datasets , respectively . however , it does not outperform sst1 on both datasets , which indicates that the model is more likely to outperform the other approaches in terms of performance .
results are shown in table 2 . all org and e + per results are reported in table 1 . in [ italic ] e + org results are significantly higher than those in table 2 shows the results of the system in all e + loc and all per results . the results of all org are summarized in table 3 . our system outperforms all the other systems except for mil - nd and τmil - nd , both of which outperform all other systems in terms of org .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our model achieves the best f1 score with 95 % confidence intervals of f1 scores . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of e + p , e + f1 , and e + r . we also observe that our model performs better than all other models except for mil - nd ( model 2 ) . the results of our model are summarized in table 1 .
6 : entailment ( ent ) and model ( g2s - gin ) results are shown in table 6 . the model outperforms all the other models except for s2s , g2s and gat .
results are presented in table 2 . the model outperforms all the other models in the ldc2017t10 and ldc2015e86 by a significant margin . however , the results are not statistically significant , indicating that the model is more likely to outperform the best performing models .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when trained with additional gigaword data . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the ones trained with gigawords .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . bilstm significantly outperforms the model in terms of size and size . it also outperforms both the model and the model by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 2 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of sentence length and sentence length . in particular , we observe that the g2s - ggnn model significantly outperforms the model by a significant margin . it also outperforms both the model and the model when it comes to sentence length , as shown in fig . 2 .
8 shows the fraction of elements in the output that are not present in the input ( added ) and the fraction of elements that are missing in the generated sentence ( miss ) , for the test set of ldc2017t10 . the results are shown in table 8 .
4 shows the accuracy of the 4th nmt encoding layer trained with different target languages on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) .
2 shows the accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . the results are shown in table 2 . unsupervised word embeddings are more frequent than unsupervised ones .
results are shown in table 2 . the pos tagging accuracy scores are shown on the right hand side of the table . we also observe that the accuracy of the pos tagging accuracy is significantly lower than those of the other two methods . in addition , the performance of the two methods is significantly worse than the other ones .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english targets .
shown in table 8 , the performance of the attacker on different datasets is significantly different than the corresponding adversary on the training set .
shown in table 1 , training directly towards a single task improves the performance for pan16 and pan16 .
shown in table 2 , we can see that the asymmetric attribute leakage in pan16 leads to balanced and unbalanced data splits . however , we cannot see that this is due to the fact that pan16 does not consider gender as an important part of the task .
3 shows the performance of pan16 and pan16 on different datasets with an adversarial training . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ' s accuracy is shown in table 3 .
6 shows the results of embeddings with different encoders . the results are shown in table 6 . embedding leaky is more difficult than embedding guarded , which is less likely to be true .
results are shown in table 2 . this model outperforms all the other models by a considerable margin . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the model outperform all the models except for the ones that use finetune . it also outperforms both the lstm model and the lrn model by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 5 . this model outperforms all previous models in terms of time and distance . it also outperforms the previous models by a significant margin . the results are shown in table 6 . we also observe that the lstm model is more accurate than the previous model by a considerable margin .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the results of our model on the yahoo time and yelppolar time datasets . our model outperforms all the other models on both datasets except for amafull time and amafull time . the results are shown in table 1 .
3 shows the bleu score of our model on wmt14 english - german translation task . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of time in the training batch measured from 0 . 2k training steps on tesla p100 .
4 presents the results of our model on squad dataset . the model achieves the best match / f1 - score with the parameter number of base and sru . our model outperforms all the other models except for sru , which achieves a better match / f1 score . we also observe that the sru model performs better than all other models with the same parameter number . in addition , our model achieves a higher match / f1 score than all the models except sru and gru .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm * denotes the parameter number and sru denotes the reported result . sru also shows the reported results . however , sru does not show a significant drop in f1 scores compared to other models . lrn shows a drop of 0 . 05 points compared to sru , indicating that the model is not performing well in the english task .
results are shown in table 7 . snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting . we observe that our model performs significantly better than our ptb model on both snli and ptb tasks with base setting .
results are shown in table 2 . word embeddings are used in all systems except for system retrieval , which is used only in human contexts . the word embedding is used in both human contexts as well as in machine learning contexts , the results are summarized in table 3 . in human contexts , word embedding and machine learning are used as well .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best performance among automatic systems is shown in bold , with statistical significance marked with ∗ ( approximation randomization test , p < 0 . 0005 ) . in addition , the best performing system is seq2seqaug .
results are shown in table 2 . the results of our experiments are summarized in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of df , where our model performs better than our model .
results are shown in table 2 . the results of our experiments are summarized in table 1 . we observe that our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of ted talks , which outperforms our model by a significant margin . our model also outperforms both our model and our other models by a considerable margin .
results are shown in table 2 . the results of our experiments are summarized in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of df , where our model performs worse than our model .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the numberroots of our model are significantly higher than those of our other models , we also observe that our model is significantly less accurate than our previous model . our model also outperforms our previous models in terms of depthcohesion and lengthcohesion .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . our model achieves the best performance on both metric and metric embeddings . we also observe that our model achieves a better performance on all metrics , except for the numberroots metric , which is slightly worse than our model .
results are shown in table 1 . the enhanced version of visdial v1 . 0 performs better than the enhanced version . we note that it is easier to learn the question type , answer score sampling , and hidden dictionary learning on the validation set .
2 shows the ndcg of ablative studies on different models on visdial v1 . 0 validation set . p2 is implemented by the implementations in section 5 with the history shortcut . the results are shown in table 2 .
5 shows the performance of hmd - prec and wmd - f1 on hard alignments and soft alignments .
results are shown in table 2 . the baselines for direct assessment and direct assessment are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other approaches except meteor + + and bertscore - f1 by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 2 . the bleu - 1 model outperforms all the other baselines in terms of bertscore - f1 and sfhotel by a significant margin . however , the baselines are slightly worse than the baseline , which indicates that the model is not properly trained .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the bertscore - recall model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of word - mover , which outperforms both spice and wmd - 1 by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 2 . the results show that the m0 model outperforms the m2 model by a significant margin . it also outperforms m2 , m3 , m6 , and m7 by a margin of 3 . 8 points .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are summarized in table 1 . we observe that the semantic preservation and semantic preservation features are significantly better than those of the syntactic preservation features , indicating that semantic preservation is more important than semantic preservation . however , the results are not statistically significant for semantic preservation , indicating the importance of semantic preservation over semantic preservation as well .
5 presents the results of human sentence - level validation . the results show that the human sentences are better than the machine and human judgments that match . however , the results are not statistically significant , indicating that the performance of human sentences is not comparable to machine sentences . table 5 shows the results for human sentences that match machine sentences , but not necessarily match human sentences .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m2 model by a significant margin . it also outperforms m2 , m3 , m6 , and m7 by a margin of 2 . 5 % and 21 . 3 % respectively . the results are summarized in table 3 . m1 : m0 [ italic ] + para + lang improves the performance of the model by 2 . 6 % compared to m2 and m6 .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu than our best model , yang2018unsupervised , which achieves the best acc ∗ score . the best model outperforms all the other models , except for the one with the best classifier .
2 shows the percentage of reparandum tokens that were correctly predicted as disfluent . for nested disfluencies , we observe that repetition tokens are more likely to be misfluent than repetition tokens , indicating that disfluency is more likely .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - content ) . the fraction of tokens correctly predicted to contain a word contained in the reparandum is shown in table 3 . it is also shown that the disfluency of the function - function leads to a higher rate of error than that of the reparreandum .
results are presented in table 2 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of dev mean and innovations . we observe that the best model performs better than all the models except for the single model , which shows the best performance .
2 shows the performance of word2vec embeddings on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model outperforms all the state - of - art models in terms of f1 and micro f1 ( see table 2 ) .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( higher is better ) . the best performing method is burstysimdater .
3 shows the performance of our model with and without attention . the accuracy of the word attention and graph attention for this task is shown in table 3 .
results are shown in table 1 . the best performing model is cnn , with the worst performing model being jmee and the best performing jnn . we observe that the best trained model is jmee , which performs better than both cnn and jnn on all stages .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that our method has a significant effect on the f1 score , as it has a large impact on the classification score . in addition , we observe that the method has an impact on f1 scores as well as on the classification score .
results are shown in table 2 . all models have the best performance on the test set , with the exception of english - only - lm , which has the worst performance .
4 shows the results on the dev set and on the test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data .
5 shows the performance on the dev set and on the test set . we observe that fine - tuned - disc models outperform monolingual models on both the dev and test sets .
shown in table 7 , type - aggregated gaze features trained on all three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset are significantly better than type combined gaze features , respectively .
5 shows the performance improvement for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset . the f1 - score ( f1 ) and recall scores are shown in table 5 . type - aggregation features significantly improve the recall scores , but the f1 scores are still significantly lower than the baseline .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are shown in table 1 . syntactic - sg embeddings are used for wordnet , verbnet , and wordnet . glove - retro embedders are used in wordnet 3 . 1 , and it uses syntactic skipgram embedding as well .
results from rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
2 shows the results of adding subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) . the results are shown in table 2 . subsfull and multi30k are significantly better than subsfull , but still perform worse than sub - subsfull .
results are shown in table 2 . subdomain - tuned subs1m outperforms all other models in terms of performance . the results are summarized in table 3 . in the en - de setting , the subs2m models outperform all the other models except for the ones that do not have domain tuning .
4 shows the bleu scores for automatic image captions with marian amun ( marian amun ) and multi30k ( marilyn amun ) .
5 presents the results of our approach using transformer , multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , and detectron mask surface . the results are summarized in table 5 . transformer outperforms all other approaches except for enc - gate and dec - gate , which are less effective for integrating visual information ( bleu % scores ) .
3 shows the performance of subs3m and subs6m in terms of text - only and multi - lingual embeddings . the results are shown in table 3 . sub3m outperforms all models except for the ones that use text - of - 3 , which is used only in the context of the en - de dataset . in terms of performance , sub3m achieves a better performance than all models that use the same language , but it does not achieve the best performance . we also observe that the combination of text and semantic features improves the performance by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 2 . the results are summarized in table 1 . we observe that en - fr - t - ff and en - rnn - ff are significantly better than their counterparts in mtld . in addition , en - es - ht is significantly worse than mtld in terms of translation performance . however , the results are not statistically significant , indicating that the translation performance is not significant .
shown in table 1 , the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 shows the training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data used for our models .
5 presents the results of automatic evaluation scores ( bleu and ter ) for the rev systems . bleu scores are shown in table 5 .
results on flickr8k are shown in table 2 . the vgs model outperforms all the other models except segmatch , which outperforms both segmatch and segmatch .
results are shown in table 1 . the hierarchical supervised model outperforms the hierarchical supervised one , audio2vec - u , and segmatch by a margin of 3 , 955 points ( table 1 ) .
shown in table 1 , we show the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . for example , cnn turns on a on ( in the the the edges ) . for cnn , we see that the edges of the screenplay are curved . for rnn , the edges are curved , and the edges have edges edges edges . for dan , we observe that the edge edges have curved edges .
2 presents the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the number of words with respect to the original sentence has increased , decreased , decreased or stayed the same through fine tuning .
3 presents the results of sst - 2 with respect to the original sentence . the results are shown in table 3 . the positive and negative labels are flipped to positive and vice versa .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are summarized in table 1 . we observe that the performance of sift is comparable to that of pubmed and pubmed . however , the results are significantly lower than that of sst - 2 . in addition , we observe that sift outperforms pubmed in terms of p2 and p2 , respectively .
