2 shows the performance of our recursive approach on the large movie review dataset . the recursive approach performs the best on inference with efficient parallel execution of tree nodes , while the iterative approach performs better on training .
results are shown in table 1 . the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput when the batch size increases from 1 to 25 . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset .
2 shows the performance of the max pooling strategy for each model with different representation size . the max pooling strategy performs better in all model variations . the maximum pooling strategies perform better for all models with different representations .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . our model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) without sdp . we also observe that our model achieves a better f1 with sdp than the model that uses sdp on the relation type , we observe that the model achieves better performance than those that use sdp , however , it does not achieve the best performance when using sdp as a dependency path . the best performance is achieved when using a sdp - averaged dependency path , the average f1 is achieved in 5fold .
results are presented in table 3 . y - 3 : y , y , and y ( y ) outperform y - 2 in terms of f1 and f1 scores , respectively . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that y , y and y are more likely to achieve f1 score than y , which is statistically significant .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of our test set are shown in table 2 . our test set achieves the best performance on the test set . our results are comparable to those of our previous test set , which achieved the best score on both test sets . our model outperforms all other test sets except for mate , which achieves the highest performance on both tests . we also achieve the best scores on all test sets , with the exception of mate achieving the highest score on test set ( f1 ) .
4 shows the performance of the two indicated systems on the test set . the results are shown in table 4 . the best performing system is the lstm - parser , which has the highest performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of the test set are summarized in table 2 . the original and the original sets are shown in the table below . the original set has a slightly better performance than the original set , but it still has a slight improvement over the original . in addition , the original and original sets have a slightly worse performance on both sets .
results are presented in table 1 . the original e2e data and our cleaned version are shown in the table 1 . our cleaned version has the highest number of distinct mrs and the lowest number of textual references . however , the cleaned version does not have as many mrs as the original .
results are presented in table 1 . original and tgen scores are shown in table 2 . original scores are obtained on the basis of the original score , while the original scores are used on the wrong score . the results are summarized in table 3 . the original score is obtained on both sets of test sets , with the exception of sc - lstm , which has a lower score than the original .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . the results are shown in table 4 . the errors we found were caused by slight disfluencies in the original training set . these errors are caused by errors in the correction set .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of performance . we observe that our model performs better on the external and external datasets than on the internal datasets .
2 shows the results of our model on amr17 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points , which is significantly higher than our previous model . our model also achieves 27 . 5 points in terms of parameters , which indicates that the model size is larger than the previous model size .
results are presented in table 1 . the results for english - german are shown in the table below . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of english - czech b and c . the results of our model are summarized in table 2 .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the layers in dc . we observe that dc has a significant effect on the quality of layers in the layer of layers . the effect of these layers on performance is shown in table 5 .
6 shows the performance of baselines on gcns with residual connections . the results are shown in table 6 . our model outperforms all baselines except for dcgcn1 , which outperforms the baselines by a significant margin . we observe that the residual connections between gcns and baselines have a significant effect on performance .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that dcgcn ( 2 ) outperforms all other models in terms of performance . however , we observe that the difference in performance between the two models is due to the fact that both models are significantly larger than the other models .
8 shows the results of ablation study on the dev set of amr15 . the results are shown in table 8 . our model achieves the highest density of connections in the i - th block . in addition , we obtain the highest number of dense blocks . we also obtain the most dense blocks , which we obtain by removing the dense connections .
9 shows the ablation study results for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are shown in table 9 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of coverage , with the exception of the global encoder , which has the highest coverage .
7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . our results are shown in table 7 . as expected , our model outperforms all the other models except for the ones with the highest performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in table 2 . the best performing model is the h - cmow model , which achieves the best performance on both datasets . however , the worst performing model achieves the worst performance on all datasets .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that has the best performance on the mrpc test set . our model has the highest performance on both mrpc and mpqa test sets . we also compare the performance of our model to the best of the best on both datasets . the best performing model is the one with the best score on mrpc , which has the worst performance on all three datasets .
3 shows the relative change with respect to hybrid and cbow on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . the results are shown in table 3 . cbow scores are significantly higher than hybrid scores , indicating that cbow is more likely to perform better than hybrid . we also observe that cmp improves the performance of both cbow and hybrid , which indicates that the two models are more similar in performance .
8 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the other models on the supervised downstream task except for sst2 and sts - b . we also outperform all other models except for our model .
6 shows the scores for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . cmow - c performs better than cbow - r on both tasks . however , it does not achieve the best performance on both of these tasks .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are summarized in table 1 . the best performing model is cbow - r , which achieves a better performance than cbow , which improves performance by a significant margin . however , the best performance is achieved by using the best performing method , cbow .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that has the best performance on the mrpc test set , which has the worst performance on both mrpc and mpqa test set . the best performance is on the sst2 test set ( which has the highest performance on all three test sets ) . the best performing model is the cbow - r model , which achieves the best score on both test sets . we observe that the best performing cmow - c model achieves the highest score on all test sets , with the best results on both tests .
results are presented in table 1 . our system achieves the best performance in all three languages except for the two languages . our system outperforms all the other languages in terms of e + org and e + per . the results are shown in table 2 . we also observe that our system performs better in all languages except the ones that do not have the best org . however , our system does not perform as well in all the languages except those that have the worst org performance .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our system achieves 95 % confidence intervals of f1 scores , which is comparable to the performance of our previous system , mil - nd ( model 1 ) . our system performs better than the previous system on the e + p test set . our model achieves a 95 % f1 score , which indicates that our system achieves a better performance than previous systems .
6 : entailment ( ent ) and ref ( ref ) in the model . the results are shown in table 6 . we observe that the model outperforms the other models in terms of the number of entries , and that ref outperforms all models except for those that outperform the model by a significant margin . the results of our model outperform all other models except g2s - gat .
results are presented in table 1 . we show the results of our model on the ldc2017t10 test set . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of the g2s - ggnn model , which outperforms the previous model by a significant margin .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . the results are shown in table 3 .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . the ablation results show that bilstm improves the performance of the model by 2 . 5 % compared to the previous state of the art model .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of sentence length and sentence length . we also observe that our model has significantly lower sentence length than our model , which indicates that the model is more likely to outperform our model . the results of our model are summarized in table 2 . in particular , we observe that g2s - gin has significantly higher sentence length compared to the model .
8 shows the percentage of elements in the output that are missing in the input graph . the fraction of elements is used in the test set of ldc2017t10 . we also compare the performance of our model with those of the reference sentences . the results are shown in table 8 .
4 shows the accuracy of the two features extracted from the 4th nmt encoding layer , trained with different target languages on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) .
2 shows the accuracy of our model with baselines and an upper bound . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all other models except for word2tag , which has a lower bound .
results are presented in table 1 . the pos tagging accuracy scores are shown in table 2 . our results are comparable to those of the other two systems , however , our results are slightly better than the results of the two systems .
5 shows the accuracy with features from different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages .
8 shows the performance of the attacker on different datasets . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in table 8 . for pan16 and pan16 , the difference is 10 . 2 points .
shown in table 1 , we trained directly towards a single task . the results are shown in the table 1 . the results of training directly towards the single task are comparable to those of pan16 .
2 presents the results of the test set on pan16 and pan16 . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the difference between the balanced and unbalanced data splits is statistically significant . the difference between balanced and balanced data splits can be seen in the table 2 . in the balanced dataset , we see that the word " race " and " gender " have the most significant impact on the performance .
3 shows the performance of pan16 and pan16 on different datasets with an adversarial training . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary score is shown in table 3 . in pan16 , the average score is 81 . 5 points , which is slightly higher than the corresponding target score .
6 shows the performance of the protected attribute with different encoders . the results are shown in table 6 . the performance of rnn and rnn is comparable , but the performance is slightly worse .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . the results are summarized in table 2 . we show that our model performs better than all other models except for our model , which performs better on both tasks . however , our model does not perform as well on all tasks .
results are presented in table 5 . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of time and performance . we show that our model performs better than all the other models on the same dataset .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of err . we show that our model performs better than all other models except for our model , which performs worse on the yahoo time and yahoo time datasets . the results of our model are shown in table 2 . in table 1 , we compare our model with the best performing model on both the yahoo time and yahoo time datasets .
3 shows the bleu score of our model on wmt14 english - german translation task . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of time in the training batch . we also outperform all other models except sru and gru on the german translation task by a significant margin .
4 shows the performance of our model on squad dataset . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of match / f1 score . we also observe that our model performs better than all the models except sru , which performs worse . the results of the model are shown in table 4 . as expected , the model performs worse than all other models except for sru .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . the lstm scores are shown in table 6 . our model outperforms all the other models except sru and sru in terms of the parameter number . sru outperforms sru by a factor of 0 . 05 . however , sru performs worse than sru . we observe that sru improves the performance of sru , but sru does not improve .
7 shows the performance on snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting .
results are presented in table 2 . the word - based system retrieval system ( mtr ) is significantly better than the human system ( r - 2 ) in terms of overall performance . word - based systems are significantly more effective than human systems ( rtr ) . the human system is much more efficient than the system - based ones , and the human systems are much more effective . in terms of performance , human systems outperform human systems by a significant margin . as a result , human system retrieval outperforms human systems on a large scale .
4 shows the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best result among automatic systems is candela , which is ranked in the top 1 or 2 for overall quality . the best performance of the automatic system is shown in table 4 . as expected , the best results are shown in bold .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of our experiments are shown in table 2 . our results show that our model outperforms the performance of the other models in terms of the number of words in the corpus . we also observe that our models outperform the best performing ones on both datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of our experiments are shown in table 2 . our results show that our models outperform the best performing ones in terms of performance . we also observe that our model outperforms the best performance of our best performing models . for example , our model performs better than our best on the df and df datasets , but still performs worse than the best on df .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of our experiments are shown in table 2 . our results show that our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . we also observe that our models outperform all other models except for our model , which has the highest performance on the test set .
results are presented in table 1 . our results show that our model achieves the best performance on both metric and metric metrics . our model achieves a better performance on metric metrics than our previous model , which achieves a superior performance . however , our model does not achieve the best score on the metric metrics , which indicates that the model performs worse than our best on metric targets .
results are presented in table 1 . our results show that our model achieves the best performance on both metric and metric metrics . our model achieves a better performance on metric metrics than our previous model , which achieves a higher score . however , our model does not achieve the best score on the metric metrics , which indicates that the model performs worse than our best on metric targets .
results are presented in table 1 . the enhanced version of visdial v1 . 0 achieves the best performance on the validation set . we also compare the performance of the enhanced version with the enhanced one . we note that our enhanced version achieves a better performance than the original .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of the ablative studies on different models on visdial v1 . 0 validation set . p2 indicates the most effective one ( i . e . , hidden dictionary learning ) compared to coatt .
5 presents the results on hard alignments and soft alignments . the results are shown in table 5 . the hmd - f1 model outperforms all other models except for ruse , which outperforms both hmd and hmd .
results are presented in table 1 . our model achieves the best performance on all three sets except for the two sets . the first set achieves the highest performance on both sets , while the second set achieves an average performance of 0 . 7 % . our model outperforms both sets in terms of direct assessment .
results are presented in table 1 . the baselines for bleu - 1 and bertscore - f1 are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other baselines except for the two baselines , which are used to compare the performance of our model to the baseline . we observe that the baselines are significantly better than the baseline , which indicates that the model is more suitable for the task .
results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models except for wmd - 1 and w2v . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that our model achieves the best performance on all models except those that do not have bertscore - recall ( e . g . , wmd1 ) . we also observe that the model achieves a better performance on the baselines than those on the baseline . however , we observe that it does not achieve the best score on both models .
results are presented in table 1 . the performance of the m1 and m2 models is shown in table 2 . we observe that the performance of both models is comparable to those of the previous models . in the m2 model , we observe that our model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . however , the difference in performance between the two models is due to the fact that the model performs better than the original model .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the results of our model on the transfer quality and transfer quality datasets . the results of the model on transfer quality are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models except for those with the highest transfer quality scores . in the case of transfer quality , we observe that transfer quality is significantly better than transfer quality due to the high transfer quality score .
5 presents the results of human sentence - level validation of the human sentences . the results are summarized in table 5 . we show that human sentences are more accurate than machine sentences . we also show that the performance of human sentences is better than machine and human judgments that match the human sentence .
results are presented in table 1 . the performance of the m1 and m2 models is shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the m2 model , which outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . we observe that the performance of our model is comparable to that of our previous model .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu than our best model , yang2018unsupervised , which achieves the best acc ∗ score . however , the best model does not achieve the highest acc score , which indicates that the classifiers in use are worse .
2 shows the percentage of reparandum tokens that were correctly predicted to be disfluent . the percentage of repetition tokens that are correctly predicted as disfluencies is slightly higher than the percentage that are incorrectly predicted as repetition tokens . for the nested disfluency tokens , repetition tokens are slightly less likely to be correctly predicted .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies in the reparandum and repair ( content - function ) . the percentage of tokens correctly predicted to contain a content word is shown in table 3 . the fraction of tokens that contain a word is reported as disconfluent .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of dev and innovations . the results are summarized in table 2 . we show that our model achieves the best performance on all the models except for the single model , which achieves the worst performance on the multi - task task .
2 shows the performance of word2vec on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model achieves the best performance with the state - of - art word2vec embeddings . however , our model does not achieve the best results with the best accuracy with the worst performance .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( higher is better ) . our unified model outperforms all previous methods .
3 shows the performance of our method on word attention and graph attention compared to word attention . the results are shown in table 3 . the performance of word attention is comparable to that of graph attention .
results are presented in table 1 . we show the performance of our model on each stage . our model outperforms all the other models except for cnn , which outperforms both cnn and jmee in terms of performance . however , our model performs worse than all the models except cnn .
results are presented in table 1 . our method outperforms the previous method in terms of identification and classification . the results of our method are summarized in table 2 . we use a cross - event approach to identify and classify our target targets . cross - event classification is used to identify target targets and classify them according to their classification .
results are presented in table 2 . all models are shown in table 1 . all models have the best performance on the test set , except for those that have the worst performance . the best performance is achieved on all models except those that do not have the greatest performance .
4 shows the results on the dev set and on the test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data .
5 shows the performance on the dev set compared to the monolingual set on the test set . our model achieves the best performance on both sets , with the exception of the gold sentence .
shown in table 7 , we trained on all three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset . we found significant improvements in precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f1 ) for using type - aggregated gaze features . we also found significant improvement in f1 score ( r ) , f1 , f1 and recall ( f ) .
5 shows the performance improvement for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f ) are statistically significant improvements over the pre - trained gaze features , respectively .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are presented in table 1 . our system uses syntactic skipgram embeddings , which are used in wordnet and verbnet . we also use glove - retro , which is used in verbnet and wordnet 3 . 1 . we note that our system is slightly different from the original paper in terms of syntactic - sg embedding .
2 presents the results of the rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . the results are presented in table 2 . we show that the system performs better than the previous state - of - the - art system on pp attachment prediction predictors .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
2 shows the results of adding subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) . all results with marian amun are shown in table 2 . subdomain tuning improves the performance of the multi30k dataset by 3 . 5 points compared to subdomain tuning .
results are presented in table 1 . the subs1m model outperforms the subs2m model in terms of domain tuning . subdomain tuning outperforms subdomain tuning in both en - de and in - de . in - de , subdomain - tuned models outperform subdomain tuned models in the performance of subdomain settings . on the other hand , the subdomain tuners outperform the subs3m models in performance .
4 shows the bleu scores of the automatic image captions with marian amun as the model . the results are shown in table 4 . our model achieves the best score with the best results with the exception of the multi30k model .
5 compares the performance of the two strategies for integrating visual information . our model outperforms all the other strategies except for the enc - gate and dec - gate . the results are summarized in table 5 . we show that our model achieves a better performance than the other two approaches .
3 shows the performance of subs3m and subs6m on the en - de dataset . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that subs3ms have the best performance when combined with multi - lingual features ( e . g . , text - only features ) . the performance is comparable to subs2m , however , we observe that the performance is slightly worse for multi - language features . sub3m has the worst performance , with a significant drop in performance compared to subs5m .
results are presented in table 1 . we compare the performance of our models on the mtld and en - fr - rnn - ff datasets . the results are summarized in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . in addition , we compare the results of our model with those of our previous model . as expected , our model performs better than the previous model on both datasets .
1 shows the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 shows the performance of our training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data .
5 shows the performance of the rev systems on the bleu and ter scores for the system reference . the system reference scores are shown in table 5 . our system reference score ( bleu ) is significantly better than the baseline score ( ter ) for the original rev system .
2 shows the performance of the vgs model on flickr8k . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that vgs outperforms segmatch and segmatch in terms of overall performance .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the vgs model outperforms all the other models on the coco dataset by a significant margin .
1 shows the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , cnn turns on a on ( in the the the edges ) . this shows that the edges are so clever that we want to hate it . for the other classifiers , we show that we can improve the results by adding the edges to the edges of the screenplay . we also show that when we add the edges , we are able to improve the performance of the original . we show that the difference in performance between the original and the original can be significant .
2 presents the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the number of words in the original sentence has increased , decreased or stayed the same . this indicates that fine tuning has not significantly improved the overall performance of the sentence .
3 shows the change in sentiment in sst - 2 compared to the original sentence . the results are shown in table 3 . positive and negative labels are flipped to positive and vice versa . negative labels are also flipped to negative , which indicates that the sentence is more likely to have negative sentiment .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in table 2 . we show that the performance of our model is significantly better than those of other models . our model outperforms other models by a significant margin . in addition , we show that our model performs better than other models in terms of performance . however , our model does not perform as well as other models , indicating that the model performs worse than the other models on average .
