table 2 shows the performance of the two approaches on training . the first approach performs better on training than the second approach . the second approach performs worse on training compared to the first .
table 1 shows the performance improvement of the treernn model compared to the linear model . the linear dataset exhibits the highest performance improvement compared with the linear dataset .
4 - 5 shows the performance of the max pooling strategy for each model with different representation size . the max pooling strategy performs better in all model variations than all models with the same representation size , as shown in table 2 . the maximum pooling strategies perform best in all models .
3 table 1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . we show that the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp is better than the worst f1 without sdp .
results are shown in table 1 . y - 3 : y , y , y and y ( y - 3 ) are significantly better than y - 2 : y ( y ) in terms of f1 , f1 and f1 .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the results are significantly better than those obtained in the previous table . the scores are significantly higher than the results obtained in our previous table , but the scores are still significantly lower than the scores achieved in the other table .
table 4 shows the performance of the two indicated systems at the essay vs . paragraph level . the performance of both systems is significantly higher than that of the other indicated systems .
results show that the results are better than the original model . the results are shown in table 1 . the original model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . the result shows that the performance of the new model is better than that of the old model . however , the performance is worse than the results of the previous one .
results are shown in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of the original and the cleaned version of the e2e data . the performance of our original and cleaned versions is comparable to that of our cleaned version .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . we show that the results are consistent with the results of the original test . we also show that our results are better than the results from the previous test . our results show that we can improve the performance of our test by using the same approach as the original .
table 4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . the results are shown in table 4 . the total absolute numbers of errors we found are significantly higher than the total number of errors in the original set . for example , the number of disfluencies in tgen is significantly lower than the average error of the original dataset . however , the total absolute number of correct errors is significantly higher .
results are shown in table 1 . all models outperform all models . all model outperforms all models by 0 . 2 % and 0 . 1 % respectively . all is significantly better than all models , but all is significantly worse than all of the other models .
results on amr17 are shown in table 2 . table 2 shows the model size in terms of bleu points . the model size of the model is significantly smaller than that of ggnn2seqb ( 2017 ) . the model sizes of the ensemble models are significantly larger than the ensemble model size .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the english - german model outperforms the german model by a significant margin . the english - czech models outperform the german models by a statistically significant margin of 0 . 5 % . the results also show that english - kzech models perform better than german models in terms of performance . we show that both the english and german models perform well on the english model .
table 5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the overall layer of layers in dc . the effect of these layers on the overall performance of dc is shown in table 5 . we show that the effect is significantly higher than that of the other layers of the dc layer . our model shows that dc is significantly more efficient than the other layer of the d layer .
table 6 shows the performance of gcns with residual connections compared to baselines . + rc denotes the residual connections between gcns and baselines , while + la denotes residual connections . the residual connections represent residual connections with gcns .
results show that dcgcn ( 2 ) is the best performing model in the model . the results are shown in table 1 . the model is significantly better than the previous model .
table 8 shows the density of the dense blocks on the dev set of amr15 . - { i } dense blocks denotes removing the dense connections in the i - th block , while - { 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , and 11 , respectively .
3 table 9 shows the results of the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the ablation study shows that the ablation study outperforms the previous model by a significant margin .
table 7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . we show that our results are significantly better than the results of our previous paper . our results are better than that of our earlier paper .
results are shown in table 1 . table 1 shows the results of our model . table 2 shows the performance of the model . the results of table 2 show that the model outperforms the model by a significant margin . table 3 shows that the results are better than the results obtained from table 2 . table 4 shows that table 3 is better than table 4 .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are consistent with our previous results . the results show that our model outperforms the results of our previous model . we show that the models outperform our previous models by a significant margin . sick - e is the best model for the model , but it outperforms our model by a large margin .
3 shows the relative change on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models compared to hybrid . we show the relative difference between hybrid and cbow .
3 table 8 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . we show that our initialization strategies outperform all other initialization strategies on the supervised downstream task .
< r > table 6 shows the performance on the unsupervised downstream tasks on the cmow - c and cbow - r models . the results are consistent with the results for the other two training objectives . the performance on cmow – c is significantly higher than the results on the other training objectives , and the results are significantly lower than the other three training objectives on the same training objective . the difference in performance on both training objectives is due to the difference in the training objectives between the two sets of training objectives and the performance of the two tasks .
results show that cbow - r performs better than the previous model . the results are shown in table 1 . we show that the results are consistent with the results of the previous study . we also show that our model outperforms the previous one by a significant margin . we find that the method outperforms our previous model by a large margin .
results show that cmow - r outperforms cbow - c on all three models . the results are consistent across all models , except for sst2 and sst5 , which outperforms sst3 on both models . sst1 outperforms the results of sst4 , sst6 , and sick5 on all models except sst7 . the performance of sick - r is comparable to sst8 , sick2 , sss5 , ssst5 and sss6 on the model .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the performance of our model is significantly better than that of all other models . the performance of the model is comparable to that of the other models , but the results are significantly worse than the results of the previous models . [ italic ] e + org and e + per are the best performing models , while e + misc is the worst performing model .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . all f1 scores are shown on the table 2 . [ italic ] e + p and ( italic ) e + f1 score are shown as the most significant difference between the two settings . we also show that the results are significantly better than the results of the previous model set under the other settings .
3 table 6 shows the results of the entailment ( ent ) model compared to the model ( g2s - gin ) . the results show that the model outperforms the model by a significant margin . the models outperform the model in terms of the performance of the model , but the model performs better than the model on the model . for example , s2s and g2s are the only two models that outperform their model .
results show that ldc2017t10 outperforms the ldc2015e86 model by a significant margin . the model outperforms ldc 2015e86 by a statistically significant margin of 0 . 05 % compared to ldc15e86 . the models outperform the model by more than 0 . 01 % compared with ldc2016e86 , which outperforms both the model and the model .
results on ldc2015e86 test set are shown in table 3 . table 3 shows the performance of the model when trained with additional gigaword data . the results on the model are similar to the results of the previous test set .
3 table 4 shows the results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set .
results show that the model is significantly better than the model when compared to the model , and that the models are significantly more accurate than the models when compared with the model . for example , the model outperforms the model by more than 10 % compared to 1 . 5 % for the model model .
table 8 shows the percentage of elements in the input graph that are missing in the generated sentence ( g2s - ggnn ) and the fraction of elements that are not present in the output graph ( miss ) . the fraction of element that is missing is significantly higher than the fraction that is present in both the input and the generated sentences . the fraction is also higher than in the model , but it is still lower than the average .
4 shows the accuracy of the 4th nmt encoding layer on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) . the accuracy of our model is similar to that of the 3rd nmt encode layer , but the accuracy is significantly higher on the smaller corpus . our model shows that our model outperforms the 2nd nmt decoding layer .
results are shown in table 2 . table 2 shows the accuracy of the results for all three tags . the results are consistent with the results of the previous table . the best results are achieved with the best results .
results show that pos tagging accuracy outperforms all other performance measures . the results are shown in table 1 . the performance of our model outperforms the performance of other performance indicators .
table 5 shows the accuracy of the 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english targets .
results are shown in table 8 . table 8 shows the performance of attacker on different datasets . attacker scores are on a training set 10 % held - out compared to the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy . the attacker scores on the training set are on the same training set . the attacker score is the difference between the trained set and the adversary score .
3 table 1 shows the results of training directly towards a single task . the results are shown in table 1 . the performance of the task is similar to that of pan16 and pan16 .
3 table 2 shows the performance of the protected attribute leakage model . the results show that the results are significantly better than the results of the previous model . however , the results do not show any significant improvement in the performance .
table 3 shows the performance of the adversarial training on different datasets . the performance on each dataset is the same as on the other datasets .
table 6 shows the performance of the protected attribute with different encoders compared to the other encoderers . we show that the performance is comparable to that of the standard encoder .
results show that this model outperforms the previous model by significantly improving the performance of the model . the results show the results of our model outperform the previous models by significantly outperforming the model by outperforming both the model and the model in terms of performance . we also show that these models outperform our model by a significant margin .
results show that this model outperforms the previous model by significantly improving the performance of the model . we show that these models outperform the previous models by a significant margin . we also show that the model performs better than the other models by outperforming the model by a large margin .
results show that this model outperforms all other models in terms of performance . we show that these models outperform all the other models by a significant margin . we also show that we outperform our models on the performance of all the models . we find that our models perform better than our models when compared to other models .
table 3 shows the performance of the model on the wmt14 english - german translation task . the results are shown in table 3 . the model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin .
results published by wang et al . ( 2017 ) show that the model performs better than the model on squad dataset . the model outperforms the model in terms of the parameter number of base and the model performance .
table 6 shows the performance of the model on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm * denotes the parameter number in the model , while lrn scores on the model are not shown in table 6 . the model shows that the model performs better than the model when the model is used in ner tasks . lrn score is shown to be significantly better than lrn .
table 7 shows the accuracy on snli task with base setting and the perplexity on ptb task with the base setting setting .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the human performance is significantly better than the system retrieval performance . the human performance outperforms the system retrieval on average . we also see that the system is more efficient than the system . our results are better than our system . we also show that our system is much more efficient .
4 shows the results of human evaluation on grammaticality , appropriateness , and content richness . the best performance among automatic systems is shown in table 4 , where the best performance is shown on a scale of 1 to 5 .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the results are consistent with the results of our previous work . we show that our results are better than the results from our previous paper . we also see that the performance of our paper is better than that of our other paper .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the results are consistent with the results of our previous work . we show that our results are better than the results from our previous paper . we also see that the performance of our paper is better than that of our other paper .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the results are consistent with the results of our previous work . we also show that our results are better than the results from our previous paper . we have shown that the performance of our paper is better than that of our other paper . the performance of the paper is similar to that of the previous paper , however , the performance is worse than our previous results .
results are shown in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of the results of our model . the results show that our model is significantly better than that of our previous model . our model outperforms our model by 1 . 5 % compared to 1 . 2 % of the previous model , but the results are significantly worse than our previous models . the performance of our models is better than our model , however , the performance is still worse than the previous one .
results are shown in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of the results of our model . the results show that our model is significantly better than that of our previous model . our model outperforms our model by more than 1 . 5 % compared to the best model . we also show that the model performs better than our best model by a significant margin compared to our best models .
3 table 1 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of our model on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf is the enhanced version as we mentioned earlier . lf + p1 is the improved version as well . s [ italic ] r0 is the original version as it improves the performance of the model , while s ( italic ) r2 is the new version .
table 2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of the ablative studies on the visdial v1 . 0 validation set . the results are shown in table 2 . p2 is the most effective one ( i . e . , better than p2 ) .
table 5 shows the performance on hard alignments and soft alignments . the performance on soft alignment is similar to the soft alignment on soft alignment .
results are shown in table 1 . metrics and metrics are used to improve the performance of our models . the metrics show that our models outperform our models by a significant margin . our model outperforms our model by a margin of 0 . 5 % compared to our model .
results are shown in table 1 . the baselines for bleu - 1 and bertscorescorescore - f1 are shown to be significantly better than the meteor set . the meteor set is based on a set of models , which are based on the results of our model . the model is used to compare the performance of the model to the results from the model set .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . the metric and the metric are shown to be significantly better than the bertscore - recall . the meteor score - recall score is significantly lower than the leic score . however , it is significantly higher than leic ( 0 . 939 ) and leic ( 0 . 949 ) on leic .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that m0 [ italic ] and m0 ( italic ) are significantly better than m0 in terms of performance compared to m0 and m2 . the performance of m0 is significantly higher than m2 ( m0 , m2 , m3 ) and m3 ( m1 , m0 , and m1 ) are better than their m0 counterparts . m0 improves performance by 0 . 7 % compared to the m1 ( m2 ) . m1 improves performance on the m0 model by 1 . 9 % compared with m0 .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the performance of our models is significantly better than those of the other models . the performance of the models is better than that of the two models , but the performance is still significantly worse than the results of the previous models . we show that our models outperform the models by a significant margin .
4 shows the results of human sentence - level validation of human sentences . the results show that human sentences perform better than machine and human judgments . however , human sentences do not perform as well as machine - level judgments . for example , the performance of the human sentences is significantly lower than the machine ones . the performance of human judgments is also lower than machine judgments .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that m0 [ italic ] and m0 ( italic ) are significantly better than m0 in terms of performance compared to m0 and m2 . m0 also outperforms m0 , m2 , m3 , and m4 by significantly improving the performance of both models . m1 : m0 improves performance by significantly compared to the m0 model , m1 improves performance on the m2 model by significantly outperforming m2 and m3 ( m0 ) by a significant margin . the performance of m1 ( m2 ) improves on m2 ( m3 ) and m5 ( m4 ) by significantly . m2 is better at improving performance on both models , while m3 improves performance with the m1 model . m3 is better performing than m1 , m4 , m5 , m6 and m6 . m5 are better performing on both datasets , respectively .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best models achieve higher bleu than our best models . the best models perform better than the best models , but the worst models do not achieve the same results as the best model .
results show that disfluent disfluencies are more likely to be predicted as disfluent . the results are shown in table 2 . for disfluency , the number of disfluencies is significantly higher than that for repetition tokens .
table 3 shows the relative frequency of disfluent rephrases correctly predicted for disfluencies in both the reparandum and the repair . ( table 3 shows that the disfluency predicted correctly predicts the accuracy of disfluences in both of these categories . (
results are shown in table 1 . we show that our model outperforms our model by significantly improving the performance of our model . we find that we outperform our models by significantly outperforming our models .
3 shows the performance of our model on the fnc - 1 test dataset . we show that our model performs significantly better than the other models on the test dataset , and that the results are statistically significant .
3 table 2 shows the performance of the unified model on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . the unified model outperforms all previous models on the dataset .
table 3 shows the effectiveness of both word attention and graph attention for this task . the accuracy of word attention is significantly higher than the accuracy of graph attention .
results show that the model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . for example , jnn and jrnn outperform all other models .
table 1 shows the results of our method . the results show that our method outperforms all other methods on the table . we show that we outperform all the other methods by a significant margin . we also show that the methodology outperforms the other approaches on the table 1 .
results are shown in table 1 . all of the models used in this study are shown to be significantly better than all of the other models . the results show that all models outperform all other models in terms of performance .
results on the train test set are shown in table 4 . all train test sets have the same set of train dev , train dev and train test scores . the train dev set has the highest train dev score , with the train dev setting having the lowest train dev scores .
table 5 shows the performance on the dev set and on the test set . the performance on both sets is significantly better than on the monolingual set .
results are shown in table 7 . table 7 shows the performance of all three eye - tracking datasets for the conll - 2003 dataset . the performance of the two eye tracking datasets is significantly better than that of the other two datasets . the accuracy of the accuracy of each eye - monitoring dataset is significantly higher than that achieved on the other datasets .
4 shows the performance improvement for the conll - 2003 dataset compared to the previous dataset . the performance improvement is statistically significant for both the pre - and post - aggregated gaze features , as shown in table 5 . the results are statistically significant .
4 shows the results of belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set on glove . the results show that the ppa set outperforms all other ppa tests set , and that it outperforms the other two sets .
results from rbg dependency parser are shown in table 2 . the results show that rbg is significantly outperformed by oracle pp and oracle pp .
table 3 : effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
results are shown in table 2 . table 2 shows the performance of the domain tuning and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) .
results show that subdomain - tuned subs1m performance is significantly better than subdomain tuning . the performance of subdomain tuned subs 1m is comparable to subdomain tuned subs2m performance , but the performance is lower . subdomain tuning improves the performance of the subdomaintuned subdomain .
3 table 4 shows the bleu scores for the automatic image captions . the results are shown in table 4 . all results with marian amun are the best .
results are shown in table 5 . table 5 shows the performance of the two strategies for integrating visual information with the visual information . the performance of both strategies is comparable to that of the other strategies . we show that both strategies outperform each other in terms of performance . the results are comparable to the results of the first two strategies , however , the results are significantly different for the second one .
results show that the performance of subs3m is significantly improved compared to subs6m . the performance of sub3m improves on subs4m , but the performance is still significantly lower than subs5m . for example , the performance improvement of subs6m is significantly higher than subs3m .
results show that en - fr - rnn - back is significantly better than en - es - ht when compared to en - frit - back , and en - fl - back outperforms en - e - ht by a significant margin .
table 1 shows the total number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for each language pair .
< r > table 2 : training vocabularies for the english , french , spanish and spanish data .
3 shows that automatic evaluation scores for the rev systems are significantly better than manual evaluation scores ( bleu and ter ) for the system reference . the automatic evaluation score is significantly higher than the manual evaluation score .
results on flickr8k are shown in table 2 . table 2 shows the performance of the visual supervised model compared to the standard model . the results are consistent with the results of the previous table .
results are shown in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of the audio2vec - u model compared to the other models . the results show that the model outperforms the other two models .
< r > table 1 shows the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . for example , we show that dan turns on a on ( in the the the edges of the screen ) . we also show that the edges are so clever that it ’ s so clever you want to hate it . the edges are very clever .
3 table 2 shows the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we show that the number of words in the original sentence is significantly higher than the number in the previous sentence . we also show that fine tuning improves the accuracy of the sentence . the performance of the new sentence is better than the previous one .
3 : sentiment score changes in sst - 2 are shown in table 3 . the results show that the score increases with respect to the original sentence .
results are shown in table 1 . we show that the results are consistent with the results of our previous work . the results are similar to the results from the previous work , but they are not consistent with our results . we also show that our results are better than the results obtained from our previous paper . however , our results do not show that we are improving the performance of our work .
