2 : throughput for processing the treelstm model on the recursive framework and tensorflow ' s iterative approach , with the large movie review dataset as our training example . the recursive approach performs the best on inference with a large number of training examples . it also shows better performance on training datasets than the traditional folding approach . further , the inference and inference tasks combine to improve the interpretability of the model .
shown in table 1 , the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput thanks to the high degree of parallelization . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset , because there is only a small room of performance improvement left to train with a larger amount of dataflow graphs .
2 shows the performance of the max pooling approach for each model with different hyper parameters . the performance increases with the number of parameters added to the model , as measured by the f1 metric . moreover , the boost function performs better in all models with different representation . adding the hyper parameters boosts the model ' s learning rate and boosts the accuracy . using sigmoid embeddings reduces the variation of the hgn model ,
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . the model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp and the best diff . with sdp as dependency path , the model performs slightly worse than the macro - averaged model . we empirically found that using only sdp improves the model ' s f1 by 21 . 11 points .
3 shows the performance of the three models compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . for example , y - 3 shows a 50 % increase in f1 score compared to those using y2 - based models .
3 presents the results of our method in terms of paragraph level . the results are presented in table 3 . the first set of results show that the accuracy obtained by mst - parser is significantly better than those by other methods , the second set shows the performance of the model when combined with the number of instances in the dataset for each category . finally , the results are slightly worse than those obtained by the other methods . we show the results obtained using our method for the second set .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems at the essay vs . paragraph level . note that the mean performances are lower than the majority performances over the runs given in table 2 . paragraph performance is higher than the overall performance .
performance of original and original models on the test set is presented in table 4 . the results are presented in bold . original models outperform all the other models except for those that do not use the feature - rich nist embeddings . these models perform on par with the best previous models . however , they do not outperform the best original model in many ways .
results for the original and the cleaned versions are shown in table 1 . the number of distinct mrs , total number of textual references , and the number of slot matching scripts as measured by our weighted average number of mrs ( table 1 ) . we also concatenate all the mrs with the original ones to calculate the overall number of slots matching our slot matching script . since the original e2e data is more than 50 % original , we have decided to focus our model on the cleaned version .
performance of original and original models on the test set is shown in table 4 . original models outperform all the other methods except for tgen , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing original and original data . the difference between accuracy between original and original models is minimal but significant , with the exception of the one that has been tested in the past .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . we found 22 errors ( out of a total of 22 ) in the training data . these errors are mostly caused by misfortunes in the translation task , which can be seen in table 4 .
model performance on the external and internal datasets is reported in table 4 . the best performances are achieved by dcgcn ( single ) and tree2str ( table 4 ) . the performance improvement over other models is modest but consistent , with the exception of seq2seqk ( konstas et al . , 2017 ) . graphlstm ( gilligan and cohen , 2016 ) achieves a 3 . 2m improvement over the previous stateof - the - art model on the external model .
2 shows the results on amr17 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points and e = 27 . 5bleu . the model size in terms of parameters also indicates that dcgcn performs better than ensemble models . as shown in table 2 , the model size of the ensemble models decreases over time .
3 shows the results for english - german and english - czech . our model outperforms the previous best models in both languages . we show the results in english - language and german , both for the single and the multi - language model . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . in english , we show the performance of the models in english , german , french , russian , turkish , russian and turkish . as expected , the results are slightly better in english than in german , although the improvement is less pronounced in english . our model significantly outperforms both the original and the debiased model .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the model when we layer all the layers with respect to the output of the network . we observe that for all layers , there is a significant drop in performance compared to when we only layer with the other layers .
6 shows the performance of rc - based gcns with residual connections . rc + la ( 2 ) and dcgcn4 ( 6 ) show significant performance improvement . however , compared to other baselines , we find that rc + gcn performs slightly worse than other models . further , when rc is combined with rc ( 4 ) , the performance drops significantly .
model 3 shows that dcgcn outperforms other models in terms of both performance and bias metric by a large margin . as shown in table 3 , the dcgcnn model outperforms both the previous models in both cases .
8 shows the ablation study results for amr15 in terms of the density of the connections in the dev set . it can be observed that dense blocks reduce the performance of the model when removing the dense connections . further , the reduction of the dense blocks decreases the performance .
shown in table 9 , the models used in the graph encoder outperform the standard lstm decoder in terms of coverage . the best performing model is the global encoder , which achieves a 25 . 5 % overall improvement over the model from the previous state - of - the - art .
7 shows the performance for different initialization strategies on probing tasks . our paper shows that our method improves the performance by 3 . 8 points over the previous state of the art model .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the hidden test set of cbow / 400 . we show the results for each sub - step . our model achieves the best results on every metric with a gap of 2 . 6 points in performance .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other methods . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that performs better on the mrpc test set . it also outperforms both the sst2 and sst5 datasets in terms of mrpc score . cbow / 784 shows significant performance improvement over both the hybrid and mpqa datasets . however , it does not outperform the other methods that perform better on both datasets . this is mostly due to the small size of the training set .
3 shows the performance of our models on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by hybrid and cmp . cbow models on the sts13 and sts14 datasets . the results are shown in table 3 . hybrid models outperform cbow and cmow on all downstream tasks , except for those in the low - supervised settings . the results show that the relative change with respect to hybrid models is modest but significant .
8 shows the performance for initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our paper outperforms all the stateof - the - art models with respect to both mrpc and mpqa scores . our model outperforms both the sst2 and sst5 baseline on all three metrics .
6 shows the performance for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . for example , cmow - c improves significantly over cbow - r on the sts13 and sts14 tasks . however , it is still inferior to cbow on the larger sts15 tasks .
can be seen in table 4 , the models trained on cbow - r outperform the other methods in terms of depth and subtraction . they also have higher precision on threshold , indicating that the model performs better on both subtraction and thresholded areas .
subj and sick - r models outperform all the other methods except for cbow - r . subj improves upon the performance of mpqa and sst2 by 3 . 8 points in terms of mrpc score .
system performance in [ italic ] e + and per metrics is reported in table 3 . all org methods outperform the best state - of - the - art systems in all metrics except for the e + metric . supervised learning outperforms the best model in all three metrics name matching and multi - task learning achieve the best results with a minimum of 50 % org and 35 % per score . further improving the model ' s performance by adding features such as domain name matching ( mil - nd ) and domain - aware learning ( ours ) achieves the best result with an org score of 57 . 03 and 25 . 45 % respectively compared to the previous state of the art model . in addition , the performance improvement by org is more than 50 % on average compared to org , a result not found to be significant even at the 90 % level ) .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our system outperforms all the models with 95 % confidence intervals in both settings . name matching improves e + p and f1 scores by 3 . 36 points . supervised learning improves e − p and by 2 . 38 points in f1 score . further , the model with the best performance outperforms the model using only the best performing feature set . finally , the improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model is modest but significant . we observe that the performance improvement over supervised learning is due to the high quality of the modeling data , the performance improvement is minimal but significant due to the small size of the training data , we do not have significant performance improvement .
6 shows the model ' s performance on ref and ref compared to other models that rely on word embeddings ( g2s - gat ) . ref significantly outperforms other models in terms of ref scores , as table 6 shows , the model performs better on both types of data when ref is applied to the learner , refs significantly outperform ref , however , for g2s , ref performs worse than ref due to the higher aru score of the model . relis outperforms ref because ref targets more closely match the aru scores of other models , finally , relis achieves the best performance on the three types of datasets ,
results are shown in table 1 . the models outperform all the other models except for those using g2s - gat . note that the model performs better on the ldc2017t10 test set than the other two .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of both external and logaword metrics .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . the results of this study show that the use of bilstm improves the model ' s performance by 3 . 5 % over the baseline .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the g2s model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of sentence length and sentence length . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 , respectively . sentence length and average sentence length are computed using the graph diameter and average sentence length methods . note that the average weighted sentence length is slightly longer than those computed usingempty , indicating that the model is more suitable for the task at hand . finally , the results are summarized in tables 3 and 4 .
8 shows the fraction of elements in the output that are missing in the input graph ( g2s - gin ) , for the test set of ldc2017t10 . it is clear from table 8 that the model relies on token lemmas more than the reference sentences .
4 shows the performance of both approaches using the 4th nmt layer . it is clear from table 4 that both approaches improve the semantic performance for the target language , as the performance drops when training with different target languages .
2 : pos and sem tagging accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . word2tag has the most frequent tag with 91 . 95 % accuracy and is the most frequently classifier using unsupervised word embeddings . word2tag also has the highest accuracy with a lower bound .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous methods . our results show that our model outperforms the competition in terms of both accuracy and accuracy . our model improves both on the word - level and on the semantic level .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages . the results are shown in table 5 .
performance on different datasets is shown in table 8 . the average age of the attacker is 9 . 7 % compared to the corresponding adversary ’ s age of 14 . 3 % on a training set 10 % held - out .
performance on the single task is shown in table 1 . the training directly towards a single task significantly improves performance for both groups .
2 shows the effect of the additional cost term on the balanced and unbalanced task averages . the classifier trained on pan16 outperforms all the other classifiers except for the one that trained on empty . we observe that the classifier is particularly sensitive to the gender - neutral classifier , which results in a significant drop in performance . dial models trained on the pan16 dataset are able to detect instances of classifiers that are misclassified as abusive ( e . g . , race , gender , age ) .
performance on different datasets with an adversarial training is shown in table 3 . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is reported in δ ( differences are statistically significant with different training sets ) . in pan16 , the average age of the participants is 62 . 5 and the average gender is 58 . 5 . sentiment and language performance are also statistically significant , with the exception of language performance being slightly better .
6 shows the performance of the embeddings for different encoders . for example , rnn is slightly better than the embedding guarded model , while the rnn model is worse .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models trained on different types of training data . the results are summarized in table 3 . we show that our model outperforms other models using both dynamic and finetune modeling . our model achieves the best performance with a 3 . 5x improvement on the ptb base and the wt2 + finetune model . finally , we show the results of model work on the additional models using the additional features provided by the additional cost term .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous models . we report the average time taken to train our model , and the average number of training instances per model . the results are shown in table 3 . our model significantly outperforms previous models in terms of both training time and averagebert time . with respect to training time , we also observe that our model is significantly faster than other models when training time is considered .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models trained on the same dataset . we report the results of all models using our model in table 3 . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows the average err and average f1 scores for both datasets . our model significantly outperforms other models using the same model in terms of both the average time and the average number of iterations . finally , we compare our model with the best state - of - the - art models using all the features available in the model .
3 shows the bleu score on the wmt14 english - german translation task . our model improves over the state - of - the - art model by 3 . 59 points on the gold - standard test set . it also outperforms both the gru and sru models by a noticeable margin .
4 shows the performance of our model with respect to the parameter number of base . the results published by wang et al . ( 2017 ) show that our model significantly outperforms the models using only one parameter , namely , the number of params . as expected , the model has a lower match / f1 score on squad dataset compared to other models using the same parameter number . further improving upon the model by adding additional parameter numbers
6 shows the f1 score of our model on the conll - 2003 english ner task . it is shown that the lstm model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of parameter number . the results show that the use of # params improves the model ' s ner performance by a significant margin .
7 shows the performance of our model with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting .
3 shows the performance of all systems trained on the word - based approach . word - based systems outperform human on all metrics except system retrieval ( table 2 ) word based systems use the best performance . the word based systems ( mtr , mtr and word2 ) significantly outperform humans on all three metrics . sentiment based systems are significantly better than both human - based and system - based approaches . using word2 , the system is optimised for multiple tasks , with the greatest performance improvement being achieved by word2 . we use word2 as the agent of choice for both systems . in general terms , word2 and word3 are the most efficient , word2 is the only one that performs better than word2 .
4 presents the human evaluation results on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best performance among all systems is highlighted in bold . we also evaluated the performance of seq2seqaug with a weighted average of 1 . 0 for each system being ranked in top 1 or 2 for overall quality . our system outperforms all the other systems except for the one that performs best .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models . our model outperforms all the other models except for those using df embeddings . we observe that our model performs better on all three datasets , with the exception of df . the results are slightly worse than those of eurparl and europarl .
3 shows the performance of all models trained on the corpus dataset . our model outperforms all the other models except for those using df embeddings . we observe that our model performs better on all three datasets , with the exception of df . the results are slightly worse than those on the other three datasets .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models . our model outperforms all the other models except for those using df embeddings . we observe that our model performs better on all three datasets , with the exception of df embedding . the results are slightly worse than those of eurparl and europarl .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . our model achieves the best results with a maxdepth score of 1 . 78 on every metric compared to 1 . 86 on the corpus and europarl datasets . we also compare our model with the maxdepth scores of our previous best model , namely , maxdepth . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that our model has the best overall performance .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models using the maxdepth and maxdepth measures . our model outperforms all other models except for those using pascal - based embeddings , namely , docsub , docmax and hclust . we observe that our model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 3 . 5roots on each metric .
performance ( ndcg % ) comparison for the experiments of applying our principles on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . we note that lf significantly outperforms the enhanced version of qt , r1 , r2 , and r3 .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on the visdial v1 . 0 validation set . we apply p2 as the most effective one ( i . e . , hidden dictionary learning ) and coatt as the low - resource model .
5 compares the performance of these models on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 . for example , hmd - recall + bert improves the performance by 0 . 8pp on hard alignments , while ruse improves by 1 . 6pp . on the hard alignment , the performance drops by 2pp .
3 presents the results of our approach with respect to the baselines . the results are summarized in table 3 . our approach significantly outperforms the baseline on three of the four metrics by a significant margin . the most striking thing about our approach is that it significantly improves the performance of the model compared to previous approaches . for example , it improves the f1 score by 0 . 5 points compared to the best baseline on ruse ( * ) by 3 points .
3 presents the bagel and sfhotel scores . the results are summarized in table 3 . the baseline scores are significantly better than the baseline scores on both sets . the results of bleu - 1 and bertscore - f1 are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) with respect to the baseline score . sent - mover significantly outperforms the baseline on all three sets except for the one where it obtains a significant improvement ( p ≤ 0 . 01 ) . finally , the results are significantly worse than those on the other baselines , with a significant drop in performance between baseline scores .
performance of the models according to these baselines is reported in table 3 . the results are summarized in bold . the summaries obtained by the models generally outperform the baselines on three of the four metrics . leic scores are significantly higher than those by word - mover ( p < 0 . 001 ) . retrieving the summaries from the original embeddings further improves performance by 0 . 01 .
3 shows the performance of all models trained on the word embeddings for the task at hand . we observe that for all models except m1 , the model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art model on both datasets .
results are shown in table 4 . semantic preservation and transfer quality are the most important aspects of semantic preservation . the results are summarized in tables 4 and 5 . we empirically show that both semantic preservation and semantic preservation significantly improve the performance of the model over the baseline . syntactic preservation improves the semantic preservation performance by 3 . 5 points in the final analysis . for semantic preservation , we use the best stateof - the - art preservation model δsim with a minimum of performance drop of 0 . 05 points . finally , we apply the best feature set δpp with a maximum of 50 points for each model , improving the performance by 2 points .
5 shows the human evaluation results . we report the results of the best performing model ( i . e . sim ) and human ratings of fluency ( p = 0 . 67 ) . the results are shown in table 5 . the results of human evaluation show that the quality of the sentence is relatively high , which suggests that the model can improve upon the performance of previous work .
3 shows the performance of all models trained on the word embeddings for the task at hand . all models except m1 outperform all the other models except for m3 , which shows the diminishing returns from using the shen - 1 model .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu ( 31 . 4 % ) and the highest acc ∗ ( 30 . 4 % ) . the worst performing model is yang2018unsupervised , which means it is unable to distinguish between 2000 words and 1000 words . tweets with different classifiers in use are not included as they are worse than those without . the best model is the simple - transfer model ( yang2018unsupervised ) , which is comparable to the best state - of - the - art model from previous work ( yelp 2018 ) . we also use the classifier " retrieve " to train models to interpret the sentiment . this improves the interpretability of the sentiment , but does not help the model . finally , we use " adaptive learning " to learn sentence embeddings .
statistics for nested disfluencies are shown in table 2 . reparandum length is the average number of tokens predicted to be fluent , followed by rephrase . the number of repetition tokens predicted as disfluency is slightly higher than the number predicted as nested , however the difference is less pronounced for the repetition tokens .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for each category . the percentage of tokens predicted to contain a content word is in parentheses , indicating that the model has correctly predicted the disfluency to be contained in both the reparandum and the repair ( table 3 ) . we found that the percentage predicted to have been misfluent was significantly higher for both categories , with the exception of function - function .
model outperforms all the other models in terms of both dev and innovations . in particular , we see that text + innovations model achieves the best overall performance , outperforming both single and multi - factor models . text + innovations models also improve the model ' s performance in the single - factor model , in addition , the improvement in the multifactor model is greater when text is used in the combination of text and innovations ,
2 compares our model with the state - of - art algorithms on the fnc - 1 test dataset . we show that our model performs substantially better than any other model on the test dataset , both in terms of accuracy ( agree vs . disagree ) and the number of instances in which it disagrees with the model ( sometimes significantly ) .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . the best performing model is burstysimdater ( which outperforms all previous methods ) .
3 shows the performance of our method with and without attention . it achieves the best performance with 61 . 8 % and 63 . 9 % respectively compared to the previous state of the art model , respectively .
3 shows the performance of models trained on state - of - the - art data augmentation schemes . our model outperforms all models except for the one that performs in the most realistic setting . we observe that the model performs better on all stages , with the exception of the one in which it performs worse .
3 shows the results for each classifier . our method outperforms the other methods in terms of both event identification and domain classification . in all but one case , the method has outperformed the competition in both domains . all the methods used for this analysis fail to account for the fact that the classifier relies on word embeddings from the same domain instead of the original one . cross - event features are beneficial for both datasets . table 3 presents the results of the models for each domain . the classifier used for the analysis of the data is presented in table 3 . it is clear that the method performs well across all domains , with the exception of the case of event classification .
can be seen in table 4 , all models trained on the original spanish - only model outperform all the other models except for those using fine - tuned word embeddings . we observe that for english - only , the performance drop between all models is much lower than those using the original model . moreover , the difference between the average dev acc and average test wer is much larger for spanish than for english . the difference between english and spanish is much smaller for all models .
results on the dev set and on the test set are shown in table 4 . fine - tuning reduces the training time to 50 % train dev and 75 % train test , respectively . this results show that using concatenated training data can improve the results for both training sets .
5 shows the performance of our system in the dev set compared to the monolingual model in the test set . as expected , the performance drops significantly when we switch to the gold sentence in the standard set .
7 shows the performance of type - aggregated gaze features trained on the three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f ) are both statistically significant improvements over the baseline ( 72 . 80 % ) and the type combined ( 71 . 97 % ) .
5 shows the performance of type - aggregated gaze features for the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f ) are all statistically significant improvements over the baseline ( p ≤ 0 . 01 ) for using type - based gaze features .
experimental results on wordnet 3 . 1 are shown in table 1 . we use syntactic embeddings from the original paper ( ginove et al . , 2014 ) as the base for our hpcd model . syntactic embedding gives the best performance . we also use glove - retro as a base for wordnet 4 . 1 . the results on the ppa test set are reported in tables 1 and 2 . these results show that the syntactic - sg embedding technique can improve wordnet performance by a significant margin .
results from rbg dependency parser are shown in table 2 . the system comes from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . however , the most interesting feature is the oracle pp feature , which results in significantly better ppa acc . score than any other feature . moreover , the dependency parser also outperforms other classifiers with a large margin .
3 : effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . the effect of removing context sensitivity is shown in table 3 . with the attention removed , the model performs slightly better than the others .
2 shows the results of domain tuning for image caption translation . we use the model developed by marian amun ( marian amun , 2013 ) . as expected , the multi30k model outperforms all the other models using domain - tuned decoding .
results are shown in table 4 . subdomain - tuned models outperform subs1m on all metrics except for those in - de ( e . g . those on flickr16 , mscoco17 ) . the results of domain - tuning models are presented in tables 4 and 5 . table 4 summarizes the results of the models trained on the en - de dataset . we observe that the domain tuning approach improves the results for all models , with the exception of those using the spanish one .
4 shows the bleu scores of models using automatic captions . we use the model developed by marian amun ( marian amun ) . the results are summarized in table 4 . the model improves upon the model by 3 . 5 points . the model outperforms all the other models using the three captions alone .
5 compares our approach with other approaches for integrating visual information . we use transformer , multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , and detectron mask surface . the results are shown in table 5 . transformer significantly outperforms the other approaches , it can be observed that enc - gate and dec - gate both improve the visual information performance by a significant margin .
3m and subs3m perform best in terms of text - only and multi - lingual modes , respectively , compared to subs6m in the en - de and mscoco17 datasets . sub - text - only models outperform both subs3 and subs4m in both languages . moreover , the combination of semantic features boosts performance for both datasets , with the latter improving over the former model .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other approaches using the word embeddings . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our model outperforms all the alternatives except for the one using ame . the results of ame are slightly worse than those by en - fr - rnn - ff , but still comparable to those by other methods .
shown in table 1 , the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 : training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data used for our models . the results are shown in table 2 .
5 shows the automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) for the rev systems . as expected , ter scores are significantly worse than en - fr - rnn - rev and en - es - trans - rev , respectively .
2 shows the performance of our visually supervised model compared to the standard rsaimage model from chrupala2017representations . the results are shown in table 2 . segmatch significantly outperforms the baseline model in terms of recall .
experimental results on synthetically spoken coco ( vgs ) are shown in table 1 . the model trained on the embeddings of chrupala2017representations is slightly better than the baseline model , but still worse than rsaimage . segmatch models outperform both baseline models in terms of recall .
1 shows the results of different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . for example , dan turns in a < u > screenplay that shows the edges edges at the edges ; it ’ s so clever you want to hate it . for cnn , the same thing happens to rnn as well . the difference is less pronounced for rnn .
2 shows the overall effect of fine - tuning on the rnp score . the results are shown in table 2 . tweets marked with " rnp " consistently show that the number of words has increased , decreased or stayed the same . table 2 also shows that the effectiveness of language adaptation has not decreased .
3 shows the sentiment change in sst - 2 from positive to negative . it is clear from table 3 that the switch to positive sentiment has a positive effect , but it does not have a significant effect on sentiment .
results are presented in table 3 . the most striking thing about the results is that they seem to be more interpretable than positive , which suggests that the approach is more effective for both research and evaluation . as expected , the results are less consistent across all categories , with the exception of sst - 2 . table 3 summarizes the results of pubmed and sift on the positive and negative aspects of the evaluation .
